# ⚠️
<div align="justify">

This is not meant to be taken seriously. You can ignore everything written in here.  

I have no intentions to offend people, I only put this here for shits and giggles, and because I can.  

This isn't something that I'm proud of.  

Write whatever you want, just make sure that it is devoid of discriminatory language. Swearing is not prohibited, but please tone it down if necessary. You don't need to say "fuck" in every sentence. Remember that whatever you put here can be easily misinterpreted by people as genuine and may harm your reputation, even if you put this disclaimer. There will always be a group of people stupid enough to dive right through without reading the surrounding context. This file was created by you to blow off steam. **DO NOT** include names of people (even hints), especially those you know in this file. Each paragraph doesn't need to relate to one another, but you're allowed to do that too. Just write whatever pops in your head.  

Observe proper punctuation.  

For context, I have a huge Word file that I've kept for years that contains paragraphs like the ones shown here, kind of like a diary. I put a select few here on this file. Some of the passages are meant to sound like shit.  

*"That's not a good enough reason to push this garbage up here. I urge you to scrub this off your repository ASAP."*  
-- future influential business guy in a suit and tie
</div>

# edgy vent
<div align="justify">

I wish I can write. “I start a sentence with I. And then, and then… and-then-and-then-and-then.” I’m set up to fail.  

Do you hate profanity? Are you a church person? “Yes” to both? That’s okay, then. My pastor swears loud as shit though when he’s not at service. I recall one time that he screamed loud as fuck when he discovered that a member of the local choir ran away with the tithes, especially because saint-head was planning to buy a brand-new limousine with his precious Jesus stripper money, no tax. Pope Walmart DCLXVI was furious when he knew that the money was donated to help tsunami victims. It’s a shame that even though that he has all the Roman numerals appended to his name, he lacks the M, which stands for “motherfucker”. He personally hides a .9 behind the parish cross, and he’s ready to pontificate the asshole who ran away with his lunch money.  

ChatGPT? What the fuck is that?

Merzbow is one of the greatest musicians of all time. His approach to lyrics is always so thought-provoking, and his choice of sound is a beautiful symphony of melodic, genuine cadence that is relaxing to everyone’s ears. I have never encountered a musician as creative and awe-inspiring as him. His dulcet tones cater to all listener’s ears, shit, even Justin Bieber can’t reach the levels of maestro this crestfallen composer has. Truly a pioneer of his own genre, a master of his own craft. The musicians that spawned from the inspirations he innately spreads with much thoughtless effort, left a visible dent in the mainstream music industry so hard, that it has surpassed and toppled over many modern contemporary pop artists, and it just happened so unexpectedly.  

Remember bud, it doesn’t have to make sense, nor follow a specific kind of pattern. Just go with the flow and let it all out. It doesn’t matter how bad your output will be, no one’s going to check and compare this garbage and conclude that this low-tier crappy writing isn’t as remarkable as, for example, George Orwell and the ilk. See that? Your incorrect usage of particular words doesn’t affect your throughput, doesn’t it? Nobody gives a damn on what fucking standard you should be using, because that’s the god-damn point, write whatever comes into your head and spew out all the words on this paper. Crap, if somebody gives you shit for supposedly low quality, feeble, amateur-ass writing, ignore them. You’ll see that they hate you because they can’t do the things you can do.  

We strongly encourage the Japanese Government to retaliate fury on the United States with two nuclear bombs. We also recommend firebombing at least one major city, to compensate with the Bombing of Tokyo, which is also a World War II-related tragedy. Do this, in exchange of revising all their textbooks and scholarly articles to show the correct number of atrocities that the Imperial Japanese Army has committed on their colonies, instead of downplaying them for saving face and historical revisionism. We suggest to firebomb Alabama, due to the high numbers of incestuous relationships on between almost everyone there, God help us.  

Eyes. They provide sight, make us see the world around us. Losing sight is one of the worst things can ever happen to man. Getting deaf, probably, is just as bad as going blind, but for most of us, it’s losing the sense of vision that’s horrifying. Imagine becoming incapable of seeing things. What used to be there is now pitch black. If you’re born blind, then you don’t even know what black looks like, because you never had sight in the first place, therefore, no visual memories left implanted in your brain to visualize as a last resort, if there was even a choice like that.  

I am yet to be caught using Discord light mode. I don’t think I deserve the one-sided condemnations, as it is only a matter of preference on what theme I want to use. Seriously though, I think it looks really neat on Discord, you’re just to seeing it in this dull, cadet blue gray color all the time. Trust me, the moment you make the switch, the annexation and the hilarity it will eventually ensue, the more you will stick to it in the near future. All these people think I’m being asinine for doing something I like, I mean, come on, I’m not harming anybody. Aside from my retinas, but who the hell cares, and why should you even care about me using light theme in the first place? Is it jarring for you to see bright lights on a screen? The world’s been like that for more than a decade, you know, and I think the aesthetic beauty it provides my eyes further emphasizes my need to switch to light mode for all eternity. It would probably suck for you, but not so much for me. I seriously can’t stand seeing white text on a dark screen. For some unknown reason, every time I look at white text on a black screen, all of a sudden, I somewhat get a little bit dizzy and nauseous just by looking at it. I know that it doesn’t seem believable, but trust me, I’m only doing this for the sake of my own health, and as I mentioned earlier, the white backdrop is aesthetically pleasing to my eyeballs. Discord is not the only application that I use light mode for. Whenever I write some code, I always have it set to a very bright, luminescent, blinding white. If some other programmer sees me doing these forbidden practices, they would probably banish me from their realm, sharing the news to other developers about the man who makes use of ridiculously bright screens as a means of writing their code. It’s not like they see what kind of code I’m writing anyway, I mean, I am painfully aware that the code I write is awfully shit, bad formatting, outdated practices, inconsistent variable names, tons of commented-out code that I think “will be used later”, you name it. Still, light mode is life, and dark mode should crawl back from the abyssal depths from whence it came. Experience comes in the cost of my eyeballs, and I’m willing to trade knowledge for it.  

You are Hitler, thinking of what spark of inspiration to start painting your next masterpiece. You suddenly remember that you have the absolute power and insanity needed to generate a piece of work no one has ever conceived before. It will cost you human lives, though, and on a very specific race that you have unfounded hate on. A pistol is cocked and loaded tucked in your right leather pocket, ready to make an unfortunate soul taste hot lead if the moment comes close.  

As the cuckoo clocks of hell strike twelve, the mangled throes of the contorted finches echo and reverberate throughout the soul-dead cellar. Behind the draperies lie an untouched box, taped shut. I cut it open with a bottle shard I found scattered near from where I woke up bloodied. Inside was a bunch of unusual-looking ornaments and knick-knacks, some etched with inscriptions of unknown origin. On the corner of my eye, a blood-red face with holes for eye sockets can be somewhat seen. It doesn’t seem to go out of my sight, like it follows me wherever I look, as if it is permanently etched into my eyeballs, only that I can see it. It is a little blurry though, as it was positioned in a way that it is always there, by peripheral vision. I can’t look at it directly, as it is always on the side of my eye. Closing both of my eyes see black, save for the red visage. For this time though, I can see that it has its mouth wide open, pure black nothingness, slightly moving, like it was regurgitating something but nothing comes out.  

Check out my piss-poor time management skills! You won’t believe what happens next! I scheduled a meeting by 9:00, I fucking went there at like, 12:00! God fucking damn, no wonder my lackeys look very angry the moment I stepped inside that cluster fuck of a meeting. Didn’t even talk shit, just went with the usual business bull crap that everyone gets sick of hearing on every fucking meeting, ever. Would you think outside of that stupid fucking box? Reinvent the wheel? Synchronize? God, those greedy cunts thinking they’re contributing ass loads worth of human history every fucking time those buzzwords spew out from their disgruntled faces. Fucking figureheads, dickheads ought to be smashed repeatedly on the face with rusty mining equipment just so they can get a sense of reality on how badly they are fucked by the upper echelon cocksuckers who don’t have a single ounce of care about them, at all.  

Autonomous sensory meridian response is a compulsory tactic used by virgin shut-ins who have nothing else better to do with their lives. It has been observed that these species of subhuman employ such tactics in order to cope themselves regarding the hardships that the real world provides. These virgin losers are also observed to be living under their parents’ basement, where they are also seen cohabitating with their pillows that allow such cogent and bizarre interactions between these lumps of blubber fat. The species are also confirmed that they rarely go near the stairs of their basement, much less the hatch used to enable safe passage to the overworld, and it is scientifically concluded that these kinds of lowlifes do not engage in any kind of body cleaning. They are extremely resistant to commercial deodorant, as even wiping it under their sweaty and smelly armpits do not seem such to have a noticeable effect on them, other than making them seem more annoyed, mad, and making them more attracted to the spoiling slice of pizza lying on the basement carpet sprinkled with mildew mold with a tinge of dead ants. Since they rarely go upstairs, they are also rarely seen getting themselves in contact with even the tiniest amount of hydrogen oxide, a good example of correlation does imply causation, at least on the case of smelly, basement-dwelling motherfuckers.  

Did it hit you yet? Did my words hit you yet? Does it matter if you let it all go, only for it quickly wither away? Your screams for help disappeared as quickly as it got out, it’s inevitable. Wonder why you’re being ignored after all this time? You know damn well that your desperate cries for help won’t get noticed if you don’t show it, yet here we are. The more you ask for it, the more you look annoying to some, and that’s a downward spiral you’ve no chance getting out of. You try to make connections with people you meet, yet you fail to seal the knot. You know too fucking well that you’re the problem, not them. You can only mitigate being like this though, which is way better in my opinion, than say, actively pursuing on making new foundations, because that will only make it worse, you damn recluse. That’s what you get for sugarcoating everything, you paint yourself a world full of colors, where all black death is now covered with vibrant patches of bright rose. Those green eyes of yours, they leer with a hint of envy, because you know that your life sucks so bad, that you start comparing your situations to theirs. You start to think on how can you live like them, and then you realize that they deal with the same amount of shit as you, only that they handle their problems way better than you. You can write all you want and if that’s the only thing you can do, I say you’re screwed because your writing sucks (all of this).  

Discord’s your only safe haven, any other platform is a no-go. You’re always on there, to show that you’re not dead yet. Oftentimes, you launch Discord and leave it like that for hours, without actually doing anything on the app, while you do something else different in the background. Yes, that sounds stupid. It seems like you’re waiting for someone to shoot the shit with, which doesn’t happen very often. If it does, you go all elated and shit, giggle like an idiot because you’re talking to a real human being, not the bot you created some months ago. You usually don’t start conversations because you know well enough how often you get left on read, or none at all, so it’s something you don’t find yourself investing in. Sometimes they do respond, and that’s a good thing. It’s not just on Discord where this happens, though, but it’s still a very risky gambit to take.  

Will you stop complaining if someone finally takes you seriously? Not really sure about that, but to save face, you always laugh to conceal it all. Right now, you have a well-defined backup plan that you can set off at any time if something goes awry. It’s classified as of now, and you’re not going to be the one telling your peers if the plan went well.  

Come on, man, it’s only this time that you’re opening up on what’s going on with you, yet you still get shit? Remember this, whenever you launch Discord, and see that red circle on the bottom right corner of a server icon, you think that someone wants to talk with you, only for you to find out that it’s a motherfucking `@everyone` mention wake-up call. That’s the most annoying shit ever. Don’t you wish that was supposed to be your name? And now you’re posting stupid manifesto shit on GitHub.  

As it swelled between the burgeoning depths of the abyss, the wailing throes bounded throughout the damascene walls, echoing back screams of manifested agony, reverberating on all corners of the sullen room. Managing to avoid Scylla and, hopefully Charybdis too, they managed to see a measly chink in the armor and slink through unscathed, without scars nor serious wounds. Unfortunately for them, on the blink of their prescient eyes, on the very last second, while absconding, they managed to jump out of the frying pan, only to find themselves set afoot on an even dire situation, onto the seething flames of wrath, ready to engulf and reduce them to cinders within mere seconds. They watched as their pale flesh burned with passion and crackled with the sound of raging inferno, becoming redder the longer they gaze at their burnt skin. Eventually, what was once thought of to be humanoid figures dancing on the scorching flames, are now turned into a lifeless, burnt pile of charred bones, with the lingering smell of burnt carbon mixed into the smoky air. Their fate was destined to be like this, as they have not thought of it even once from whence, they ran towards into. How unfortunate it is for the welkin-men regarding their unsound fate. If it were not for the droll rivers, they would’ve survived.  

I want to see a universe where Paramore became a math rock band. Imagine Hayley singing about some weird teenager stuff in odd time signatures, I think that would be cool. I’m cool with their current style now, but I wish that they had more songs that included screaming in it, like that song from their debut album. Anxiety is cheap, as they say.  

Snorting angel dust relieves me the most when I’m at my lowest points. I also drink a pint of weed juice, made from powdered blunt, mixed with a bit of sugar, and a liter of tap water. I have no idea if weed is edible, nor it should be taken orally, but I haven’t experienced any kind of serious side effects when performing this macabre maneuver. It’s funny to me that my peeps around me advise against doing it. But here I am, alive and still kicking, enjoying life with my personal weed jar collection. I might have to buy a new swath of coke bricks, though, and a new bong pipe, too. Shit’s too cloudy for me to blow voodoo incantations in.  

I watch the bitter tears slalom down grief-stricken faces, for a moment’s time, I feel I am the god of which they speak. Under the guise of anonymity, I masquerade in thrilling mockery, an erection juts begrudgingly from twixt my silken Sunday pleats.  

Do I want to know? You caught us, we’re still working on getting lyrics for this one.  

I had a small recollection from a few years ago. Soothsayers told me that it was not meant to happen, but time still beat them by a considerable margin. It was an ordinary Thursday, I recall, and that everybody’s wearing tees of different colors, and I remember that each color stands for a particular cause during that day. Jeans and sneakers all the way down. The cold morning air persisted throughout the austere day, as it was cold season after all, no precipitation. You can see dew trickled on grass even at noon. It was mid-day when it happened, there was a small event being held that involved people giving each other letters of some sort, without saying from who wrote it, only to whom it was addressed. I got one of these things, but it wasn’t a letter of any sort. Instead, it was this accordion origami thing, with a Post-it note stuck to it, labeled “(de)compression” or something, and it’s bearing my name, addressed to me. I was initially confused at first, like, why? Anyways, I accepted it and gave my best thanks, to whoever that was. The paper thing itself is still in my possession today, I kept it at a safe place in my house, because I don’t see a reason to throw it away, and that I realize that nobody has actually given me something as a gift, until that happened. I’m not exaggerating. Still to this very day, I always wonder who it was. Was it a sick joke? Nah, I hope not. In the back my mind, if I do find out who it was, I’m planning to give them my fair share of thanks, and possibly, a gift for them in return. I do feel like I know who it was because I somewhat recognize the handwriting, but I’m not going to ask them that. Story may be a little apocryphal, as this was from a long time ago. For me, things like this don’t occur really often, they’re scant. They really stand out because, you know.  

Little kid plays piss water down at the bayou. Long spell of rain comes in, and the creek eventually rises. Kid still treading water, slowly being engulfed by the waves. Covered in muck, kid cries for help, but his playmates only stood there by the bank, questionable gazes surrounding the drowning kid. Brat then realizes that he treated his peers like shit, and that’s why there’s no one responding to his wails. His sorries don’t mean jack shit, his peers left him out to die a horrible death, and the other kids lived happily ever after. Mission successful. Mutiny. Kid’s bloated corpse was seen floating down the river a few days later.  

You churn out more words when you’re drunk as hell, and even more when you’re high. I only managed to do the first one. The other choice is hard to do, hard to prepare for, and hard to admit. Alcohol taps on places where normally, your sober brain can’t reach. Makes you say semi-conscious, wild shit, in exchange for a bit of your sanity.  

Guess which country uses words like “batchmate” and “netizens”? Firefighters with guns? Douche told the press so confidently that he forgot that he has a whole batch of confiscated crack blocks buried under his backyard. Oh wait, there’s no such thing as backyards in this empire ruled by generations of people whose last names are now plastered to hell and back in the minds of their slaves for all eternity. Does it suck to be stuck in one place? No wiggle room to crawl out of? I tell you, they heckle, meddle, mingle, hack and slash, until your knees touch the bloodied soil, periodically stained by toppled uprisings, and your head will also follow suit, then make contact with the earth. Remember when the local quack told you that coconut is the tree of life, that kind of bullshit? With leaves stretching beyond the firmament, roots piercing through the abyssal depths of hell, and a trunk whose girth is so large that men from all cultures learned to not give a single fuck about the tree. It was at this point when man started to distance themselves from their creator, and resort to astral projection, much to the dismay of their maker.  

He found himself wading through a sea of empty beer cans. Walls of insipid nature contrast the dead wainscoting below. “Shit,” he thought. “I need to clean this place up.” He scuttled across the room, looking for spare bin bags, but to no avail. He did find his fridge, though. Driven by his temptations, he snatched a handful of those cheap lagers with minimal effort. His motivation to tidy his room vanished as quickly as it came. “It ain’t prison if I’m having the time of my life every fucking day here”, mumbled his drunken self, with a hint of inadvertent scorn. It was a whimsical effort, and so he does his daily routine: booze. He has enough money to buy himself a lifetime’s worth of beer, and a little bit more saved up for his eventual demise.  

To the asshole who made my university experience harder: fuck you, your fake-ass “thank-yous” mean jack shit to me compared to the extent you freeloaded your bitch ass all the way until the panelists wasted their time milking and roasting our fucking work. Shit, come on mate, don’t you fucking dare tell me that you had a big excursion that coincides whenever I need your help in finishing this shit. Excuses like that fool no one, and cunts like you think you’re being slick and all, because you take advantage of my kindness that I’ll just do our work anyway and you can slide yourself past that. Your lip service outweighs all your contributions to our predicament. You know what? Nothing’s stopping me from ranting and putting this shit up here for everyone to see, because you know damn well that you’re not doing anything meaningful. Yes, I know that your help doesn’t need to be “that” impactful or influential, but shit, seeing you dodge my questions and proceed to ask if I can lend you my whole-ass fucking examination sheet? Just get the fuck out of here. I don’t give a shit on what kind of story you’re trying to paint a picture of me to your friends, cronies, whatever. The longer you hold on to that lie, the bigger the pressure in your head will endure. It seems to me that you hate getting told that you’re shit, so much that you hide yourself, even online. When was the last time you chatted shit up with me that shows you’re actually online, not hiding like a motherfucking pussy you are? Can’t recall? How about the time when the game you’re playing accidentally slipped on your status when you switched yourself to online, only to realize it immediately and quickly hide it from everyone’s eyes? You’re also supposed to help us finish our work from earlier during that time, yet you told us that you’re away from home, only for that shit to slip up unintentionally. If this still doesn’t hit you, then I don’t know what to make of you, but you’re definitely not my friend. Never was. Hell, you thought that I was all alone so you approached me, and you even suggested hints that this was the reason you came to me so suddenly. You also thought that I was that stupid, no-good, class bumpkin, so that’s why you gave me test answers that I never asked for. Seems like you survived going through high school pulling off this shit. Oh yeah, you’re a huge kiss-ass, and I caught you watching dancing, fair-skinned women with big tits on Instagram, in a public setting. I don’t regret writing all this, I just wanted to let off some steam, and I could’ve kept this shit to myself, but who cares? That’s it. Fuck you, leech.  

I love and hate my country. I like that you can get programs and not expect feds to come up knocking on your door. I dislike that getting stupid people in high positions is the norm. Our former colonialists must’ve been really happy when they realized that there’s no way in fucking hell that they’re managing two Spains’ worth of selfish meatheads that think praying solves all of their problems, instead of actually confronting and dealing with it. I’m one of those meatheads as well.  

Oh no, I’ve said too much, I haven’t said enough. Hesitate, whimper, breathe, calm down, calm the fuck down. All’s going to be fine, nothing’s gone wrong. Keep your shit together, push through even if you’re tired, soulless whimpering, like a shindig, rowdy, shit, can you make it? Defy against nature’s odds, be the man you can never be, deface the peak with your own sweat and blood, smear it with crystalline exhaustion, crack magic, fuck. You really need it, you need that fucking smoke, boy. Anger is a gift, I don’t care, just pummel through and call it a day. Be mad at the world because it owes you a lot of shit, fuck the upper-class bitches, you say. Fear not the cycles of life, dread naught, dreadnought, like the destroyers, blow shit blocking your path towards freedom, not a single care in this world, say ye. Renegades like you have that outlandish habit of defacing castle walls, as for you, they have no value but old bricks wasted on nobility, built over peasant lands. Snip, snap, rejuvenate, hesitate, burn, burn, burn the fucking Tillamook urn, desecrate the scrolls of law, click, clack, deprive yourself, cut all the strings, leave them twanging and dead set flailing, come on now, out of desperation you seek for a serene sanctuary, maybe Svalbard, with a modicum of serendipity, please, on a whim, what the fuck, you’re spiraling out of control, full downwards descent into madness, sickening, craving, lusting, for the hope that you’ve longed and yearned for, Miss Anthropocene, fucking shit. Damn, you’re the pissiest hothead to ever walk on Mother Earth’s left ass cheek. You did tell me last night that you waged war to your head.  

Smile. Be happy. Smile all your problems away, my brethren. Pray to God, He can solve all your problems. What? Your hands feel too tired to clasp? That’s okay, God can hear your thoughts and He understands what you need. No, no, just no. Shut the fuck up, no more playing this game of make-believe, fucking pretending to be unfazed by all the bull fucking shit that’s surrounding us. You keep looking your own world through rose-colored glasses, through those tinted chapel windows, you color your own life to the point that you obfuscate all the hard shit. You’re too optimistic, seeing good in all things bad. It’s okay to let all this shit out, fetters unshackled, headfirst, headstrong, and without a need for evangelical validation. I’m tired of all this shit, while I’m trying to solve my problems, with your stupid fucking ass getting in the way, every goddamn time, I wish I could scream out all of this bullshit in my head without you bitch asses acting all like I can do it and shit. Yes, I can do it, just get the fuck out of my way, I don’t need your help, what you’re proposing to do’s worth jack shit, because it sounds like a desperate attempt to form a mutual connection. God, I wish that I can bounce back from this. Damn, called His name again, despite not being there in the worst of times. Fuck you, I only heard your name whenever a religious nut fuck praises you over something, while they shrivel up all the tithes.  

I know someone who fakes to know something they have no idea about, for the sake of fitting in a conversation. “Yeah, League of Legends, yeah, I played… erm, Jean, y’know, guy with um, the gun? Counts to four? I just watched a stream and heard some dudes say it and…” shut the fuck up twat, you don’t know shit. “I like Furina too, from Genshin Impact, and uhh, love that blue theme she has on they clothes, that bitch.”  

“Hey man, you’re not allowed to listen to this particular Japanese song, because it’s used as an opening theme in this anime series, and you need to watch, like 5 seasons worth of 24 episodes each before jamming to that”, said in a very phlegmy cadence, by a deranged Monogatari fan. The fuck you mean I can’t jam to 恋愛サーキュレーション? Do I need to go through all that shit just to listen to this bop? Get the fuck outta here, bro. Take a bath, too. Your smell, and your greasy hair slick is reflecting all your disappointment on my face. Bet it smells like fuck in there when you’re having a marathon, not a real marathon, but you sitting your fat ass off and watching this weeb shit for hours.  

Being a programmer and all, I never had someone actually run the programs I wrote. It worked on my machine, my programs, so don’t blame me if it doesn’t on yours. Nah, I’m still responsible for writing code that works, not theirs. Can you recall all of your major accomplishments in the last five years? No? Yeah, nada.  

Fear breeds contempt in the heart of a man. One has to question this common trait, why do we hate what we don’t understand? Forced into a body and damned with intelligence, shoved into a soul, wired with circuitry you cannot control. A tradition so ancient, that evolution will circumvent, hell-bent on ideals instilled since birth, a price of life the fleshes worth. Somewhere in this organism’s development, separate path taken, possible defect awakened, some feel it was simply a choice, and use morality to strengthen their voice.  

I remember reading the Bible from the first grade, and there was a passage that suggested Lot was fucked by his two daughters. Looks like Moses was smoking all that burning bush.  

Big word make sound big sentence, big idea. I have transcended all the zeniths and nadirs of the photovoltaic and photosynthesis and aphelia marked unbound by time immemorial, the epitome of the sesquipedalian anthrax-inducing yeomen needs to helter-skelter and saunter mischievously masticate the purebred hollyhock that my thanatopsis vas deferens shan’t evoke mere denial that elucidates revanchist bourgeoisie defenestration of the depressed ennui echelon pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis floccinaucinihilipilification, etymological absurdist roots pointing maudlin astral planes in candid degeneracy, while the phalanx suffers from indistinct bacchanalia kerned and wrought havoc whence the animalcules came, and thither and yonder was supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Paleontology and cryptozoology are my cantankerous and indominable cenotaph demesne placoderm arillate variegated shibboleth phantasmagoria, of the hagiographic bairn petrichor contumelious recalcitrant thesaurus-shagger, bowsprit chromatic aberration indictment run amok bathypelagic cnidarian abacination loch fusillade pulchritudinous chthonic apian feng shui steganography flagellant rhombicosidodecahedron mondegreen eldritch uxoricide pell-mell umbrage somnambulist katabasis metanoia contagion hurdy-gurdy cwm paramour copacetic vespal vicissitudes, draconian vacillations coulrophobia xanthophyll whirligig cognac planchette aubergine wiccan bouillabaisse tellurian concubine. From the azimuth I scuttled over the paramount watchtower, word salad, and envisaged nothing but shut the fuck up and stop writing this shit.  

Midnight. I’m browsing YouTube during this time, and I’m jaded on what to watch, really. I did think about scouring my Watch Later playlist, but the thought that I have to actually find videos that I haven’t seen yet, is just intimidating. I can shuffle it, yes, but my device sucks and lags like hell every time I do it. Videos that I already watched pop up the most often, when I do this, and I know that I still have a lot of videos to look in that playlist. Seems to me that the best way to go is take a rest. Sleep, my guy, it’s already 3 in the morning. I can do all of my absurd pile of unfinished homework tomorrow. You’re slowly killing yourself the later you sleep, suicide. That’s something prevention efforts could never catch.  

Bro, why you gotta be so mean? Who in God’s name hurt you? There’s no reason for you to cuss this much, bro. Follow the path of Jesus like I do and be a good human being. I’m a pastor, and I don’t like seeing that there’s still hate lingering in this world. This is not the way God intended it to be. I’m using terms like “bro” to get along more with my fellow kids. I usually see them in front of the Lord’s chapel, but they don’t actually go inside to pray. I’m saddened by that because the youth is no longer engaging in church activities. I have no one but seniors to share my stories of good will. I don’t like the fact that they lean more on science and leisure, than our Lord Jesus Christ.  

Please shoot me on the back of my head. I don’t want to see your face while my world fades into black. Better not to inform me you’re going to do it. Guy at the store has their face all questioning and shit every time I come there to buy ropes, the quality is crap anyway so I only looked at it, never bought it. It looks like its gonna snap the moment it catches weight the same amount as mine.  

It’s interesting that war metaphors are frequently used in describing a person’s struggle with cancer. For example, it’s said that one battles with cancer, fights cancer, all that PTSD shit. Those who succumbed to it lost their battle with cancer. You declare war on cancer. If I get cancer and die from it, I’d like my grave to have something etched on it like: “He lost his internal siege with cancer, enduring it all during the final days of his life. He fought a brave stand.” Those damn sarcoma bitches, man. Slick. Told you man, these awareness ribbons don’t do shit.  

It was dawn and one of the seers sighted a dull reef from over yonder, hidden from the early slivers of sunlight, and the gentle waves of the ocean, almost coquettish. The captain was just recovering from a mutiny attempt by one of his former henchmen, which he banished to be marooned and left to die on an isolated island two moons ago. And so, they landed on the rocky shores this morning. Effective timekeeping gadgets are not an accessibility during this period. They have these hourglass things that they use to track how much time has passed for every island hop, counted by the number of times they flipped the hourglass whenever the bottom half gets filled with sand. Usually that only takes five, but this time it was around twenty. They also have a bunch of compasses and a sextant in tow, and the innate ability to determine if there is dry land nearby, by licking one’s finger and hoisting it up heavenwards, and feeling the direction of where the breeze comes from, if the explorers feel it. At first sight, they thought no one lived on the island, because the other islets they landed were like that. But human figures soon came out from the thickets, consisting of trees and shrubs never seen nor known by the eyes of white men. Eye contact was a first for both of the groups. Some of the men tried communicating with the other, but to no avail. Minutes passed, and it was silently agreed that they should try communicate using hand signs, or gestures instead, while saying what they mean in their respective language, despite no one on both sides understood what the other party is saying. The white man came for spices, and land, while the natives came out of curiosity, trying to understand what was happening. A bunch of queer-looking people from the other side of the world suddenly barged in without notice, is what they mostly had in mind. Time has passed, and the white man can now be seen talking with the natives, in their language, or theirs, or both. It’s worth noting that the population of the indigenous to the island has dwindled significantly, and some are captured and enslaved by the colonizers. The desires of white men are now real. They view a future that this island will then be replaced with a white, Christian population, the original natives wiped out, simply because of their pagan ways of thinking. They will use religion to subjugate, and justify their unfair treatment to the men who came before them, because they certainly can.  

“Hey, hey, hey, fuck C++, right? Right? Python and React all the way! C++ and Bjarne can suck Zuckerberg’s schlong and choke from it, these languages suck! Fuck learning shit from school, right? I have AI on my side, that means I can just tell it whatever I want, and BAM! New website with code and all in just a few seconds! Better not tell this to anybody, I’ll keep this as my dirty little secret, I’m seriously fucked if my boss finds out what I’m doing. Well, fuck you! I’m raking up all these moola for myself because technically, I’m doing my job! ChatGPT and Perplexity? I’m in for a fucking treat! What? I’m fired? And my college degree revoked? I need to retake my college courses again? What the f…, who the hell told them this? Shit, if I see you here right now, I’mma beat your bitch ass! Come on man! That’s years of hard work right here, AI and shit, and you assholes just took it away from me! No, fuck this man, I’m not gonna learn all that algorithm shit again, ‘cause I don’t have no AI tools in me, fuck this shit. I swear to God, time was better when it was quarantine days and I can have ChatGPT generate answers for me because I’m an inconsiderate, hardworking, definitely good-willed student. Yeah, fuck you. I’m just gonna go back on playing Valorant, and browse big titty models on Instagram. I need to kiss more ass though and butt in on conversations that I’m not supposed to be in. I need to hoard more brownie points.”  

Let’s hang out. We exchanged messages for years but nothing like this has ever happened. You say stuff about me, I say stuff about you, we enjoy whatever happens. Trust me, the moment we do it, everything’s going to become dark. Do you ever wonder how we’ve managed to establish a connection for this long, as old as you? I mean, I’m just somebody your head conjured up, with the same face, looks, and personality. We can do it right now, I’ve already got the stuff in my bag, and the best conditions for us to do it. We should do it at the same time, yeah? Hang out. Literally do that. See stars for a brief moment and have it fade to nothingness, at the same time. You’re not alone now. See? Now, let’s get going, I’ve got the ropes and place to be, just get in the… thing. The world is just not meant to adjust on the things we really want.  

Don’t show it, just don’t. Hide. Keep hiding. Conceal. It just gets worse the more you show it. Keep it hidden from view. You’ll be into less trouble the more you hide, just hide, don’t show, tell no soul. Be silent, quiet, shush. Pretend you’re not there. Do your own thing. If you show it, even unintentionally, then that means you’re showing off, showboating. That’s bad, really, really bad. If someone asks you what you’re doing, always tell them nothing, or just dodge the question, ignore them. Less problems in that way. I’m not… like that, just keep hiding. How about, if you show something then you’re an attention whore. There.  

Hello, my name is Bob. I live in the Bronx. I work as cashier at a Wendy’s. I am a good neighbor, and I speak normally. Nothing weird to see here. I was made to contrast all my author’s angry tirades by introducing myself. I’m here to tell you that he’s okay. English is a difficult language. Have a nice day.  

Ding. Did you hear that? Ding. There it goes again, that sound. Someone just sent you a message. Holy crap, it’s from that person, glad to see that. It’s nice to get things like this for at least once a week, yeah. It used to be like a “once-a-month” thing or even worse, a year, but now’s like a weekly thing. Wonder if this can become into a daily thing. Sometimes though, it’s not an individual person trying to chat with you, but it’s the dreaded “everyone-ping”, for lack of a better word. I mean, it’s good that someone’s notifying me of something needed to be heard, that’s why they did it in the first place, but damn, I wish it wasn’t like that, and it was just that person trying to strike up a conversation with me. Do you wonder why it’s always like this for the last ten years? No? It’s because you’re an ass.  

Snark, snark. Yes, I’m aware that I write some really corny shit. I also wonder what got me into writing it in the first place. Boredom? I hate bringing this up because I’m aware that this kind of thing tends to be like, really stupid incel shit.  

ARAM. I can hear different voices everywhere, echoing in my head, saying random things I don’t really know, what the fuck. I’m watching a virtual YouTuber stream right now, I don’t really know what to do in this moment, so I let my indulgence cave me in for a treat that deserves unholy flagellating. I hear their voices, multiple voices, four specifically, they’re playing this game with guns, cars, violence, larceny, you know, those kinds of things that your Christian parents don’t want to see you playing, or even watching. I had my fair share of stale liquor last night, it might have contributed to my unexpected drop in conscience and an alleviated sense in continuous stupor, damn, I feel elated about the tiniest of things, numb about errands that seem to have of high importance, never really felt that much emphasis into it. The slivers and blurs that encroach me for every time I look around my room is the least of my concern. I find inspiration embedded in my bedroom walls, from my dying drywall blinds, I don’t know, but at least I’m still here. Maladaptive ways of reducing your problems in this corporate wasteland, and I live through it every day. Makes me feel like I’m making a statement, that which is pasted in an electrical post in an elevation where not one eye is supposed to lay light rays on, the top near the clouds, elevated up there, for commercial airlines to glide past and seep through. I’m now watching virtual girls shoot each other with big arms, meaning guns, in an online game, forgot what it’s cold. They’re speaking Japanese, and fluency reaches its peak when one is under the influence of alcohol, and it decreases when they get sober, sane, because our brain re-activates its areas where it put importance and shit when one’s head was dealing and meddling with a lot problems, unfounded worry, comes like a lion. Fake it till you make it, kayfabe, fuck the war. Now’s the time pick some of those nuts, and drink more piss wine. Watch stupid shit on the boob tube, slouch on the couch, and be a lazy ass throughout the night. God, I wish I can see You with my own eyes, if only You were real, and not something religious hustlers, or con men, conjured up while scheming people thousands of years ago, but hey, you can debate with me on this one and I’m drunk right now, you probably don’t want to get in a drunk man’s way, no? Sorry, was just pissed, from drinking I don’t know how many glasses and pints of, shit. Scrolling through my Facebook feed, and some old dude shared a picture of a burnt cedar, poplar, I’m not sure, and captioned it with something saying that the scars look like waves of lightning, live with that old man, maybe because they’re about to die anyway, in a few years, or even tomorrow. It fascinates me that he can go along with these kind of things and have the audacity to post it on his account, no, I changed my mind, I’m just a prick whose insecurity is projecting off the charts, alcohol’s kicking in, feeling a bit drowsy, about to pass out, no, pass away after my drinking sessions, hopefully in a peaceful manner so rats won’t munch on my corpse, while it may not be because they’d get drunk later the longer they chew my skin off, but yeah. See you on the other side of the world, I guess, and please help me on what to tell the receptionist angel sitting at purgatory reception room on how I died, if they knew I died from boozing, mockery is what I’ll get for all eternity, known forever as the guy who died from hitting too many piss bottles, and my soulmates will only echo it and torment me again and again, no direction, no way to go, even the guy recording this, no goal in mind, that stupid oaf, no real goal in life whatsoever. I switched to Discord dark mode this time, temporarily, to see how safe it is for my eyes, but I see or feel no difference nor advantage, is it a myth? No, I don’t really care, I still prefer light mode, because I can read text better and I like the white light going to my eyes, it doesn’t concern me because I’m used to it, I only care when it affects me negatively, yeah, fuck alcohol, can’t control it, making me write backwards shit. Never did I leave my chair during this evening. I’m staring at my phone right now, typing and moving my fingers as fast as I can, to write all of this in one go, without regard or attention to what was being shown here. Context is not needed, just burn the sands of time, less care, less worries, no assholes to tackle and shit, I need to burn in hell, sitting on tips of stalagmites, legs crossed while hellfire is smoldering my knee ends, and my hair is being doused with undying napalm, fresh from Satan’s funny tool box. You may think of him as this cloven-hoofed, red goat dude with ram’s horns holding a comically large pitchfork, sometimes doing weird, esoteric gestures with his hands, but he’s an angel who rebelled against God, went straight down to hell, and… I don’t know the rest. Satan is used as a tool by colonizers to scare off natives who they deem to be too “out there”, probably telling them stupid shit like, “praise our God, fuck yours, and worship our God for the rest of your lives, and if you refuse, your entire tribe will bathe in the lake of fire that we certainly have the manpower to do.” Just like Satan himself. Deep into the midnight cold, I thought it was a good idea to have a little stroll just by myself. Some sauntering around, kicked some empty cans, their clangs echoed in the dark, contrasted by deafening silence, yeah, I like this. I got my foot stuck in the rails, and almost tripped. I’m wearing my headphones this time, listening to beats and the like. I hear something loud, must be near me, not something a creature would do, but a machine, it feels closer, and even closer, horns blaring, must be my liege, blinding beam of light, foot stuck under rails again, ballast underneath, is that a tra-?  

Reddit drafts. Full of it. Motivate me to watch anime again, have a temporary escape from this world, full of assholes, rampant of degeneracy, can’t take it anymore. There’s always that caveat, fucking patting me on the back every time I try to watch, just to say that I have way more important shit to do. I miss those friendships I made in front of my screen; I don’t care if they’re not real, all that’s good is I made connections, nothing better than that. This stupid thesis crap is dragging me on like a bitch, fuck. They’re my only friends, I’m delusional and I need to shut the hell up and get therapy because this ain’t normal. There’s nothing else making my brain rot faster than thinking about how to get my shit together. I want to watch anime again so bad, I don’t even know what’s currently trending nowadays, fuck man, last time I did this, I was into Fate shit, like that’s some years ago. Shakespeare can’t spell his own name.  

Come on now, you’re supposed to be revising your website project for your upcoming annual evisceration. It seems that you’re indulging in satisfying your inner desires, watching stupid videos with little or no value, instead of trying to make a major breakthrough, or impression, even small. You’re wading through countless Stack Overflow questions and answers, but you’re only looking at them instead of applying it to handle your predicaments. I see a YouTube video of a lecture of a guy discussing about stochastic processes, no idea what is it about, but I may click on it right now just for the hell of it, even though that I have no fundamental grasp on that concept. Sounds related to my field, computer science, especially machine learning and stuff like that, but I’m ticked off on reading, visualizing, and understanding mind-numbing matrix equations that don’t make sense and shit to me at the moment. On my other tabs that are currently open, there’s a plethora of random, unread bullshit that’s just there waiting to be seen and read. Thrown in there is a C++ tutorial about class initialization and copy elision, multiple Stack Overflow tabs concerning Flask and Jinja, Reddit threads that I just stumbled today, and Japanese dictionary entries, because I was reading a Japanese Wikipedia article earlier, and saw a word or two that I didn’t recognize. I crave of things seen as dull and boring by others, and I hate it. H.P. Lovecraft’s pet cat, guess what’s it called. It’s certainly a colour out of space for his readers, batshit insane, he likes his word salad soaked with vinegar, doused with Greek fire, that which never dies easily as one will think.  

Exhausted from another blasted programming session, shit. I can’t for my life figure out what the fuck variable to modify next because of their stupid names, really regret making it hard to read to the point that even I can’t decipher what I just wrote a year ago. Jesus Christ, word of advice, don’t make your code look like a giant block of text, designed to piss off impatient eyes, even if you mean it, because that seriously took my life force out of me, as I need to modify it for the upcoming ass-whooping this December, I think. It drained me of my remaining conscience, left me lethargic, drunk stupid, confused and certainly pissed off. I’ll leave this crap for tomorrow because I’m tired, and I seriously need some sleep, no need for another dose of unwarranted deprivation, ain’t healthy, all doctors and professionals say. Even my professor’s telling me to sleep early and all that, it really takes a toll on you, and it will influence on how you do and tinker with shit in the near future. My brain cells are tired, red blood cells circulating and white blood cells fighting. Cells at work, like the anime. Little thrombocytes carrying billions of oxygen molecules with their tiny hemoglobin hands for my brain.  

Reminder to not open this file when you’re sharing your screen with someone, be it on Discord, Messenger, Teams, whatever platform you’re on, if you’re keen-eyed, there’s a certain name on the first few paragraphs, that is, with mutual assertion with your body and soul, should be absolutely hidden from anyone at all costs, even the gods from above, demons from below, and interdimensional entities behind you. If you see this paragraph posted somewhere else, it may sound out of context; it’s best to ignore this. If you happen to violate this single postulate I mentioned, you must face the harshest and most acrimonious consequences. Agony will cling with you while you slowly die in excruciating pain, no blood will be spared from your corpse, absolute total exsanguination. Your eyeballs may be branded blind with red-hot needles fresh from the kiln; state-of-the-art nascent abacination. Surely, you’re not stupid enough to keep your word, right?  

Good riddance, it’s something unpredictable, in the end it’s all right, I hope you have the time of your life because I ain’t having it right goddamn now, another one these things again dealing with this clusterfuck program that I’m forced to maintain throughout the entire fucking school year, shit’s too tedious and mind-numbing to comprehend, I can’t take it anymore. If only I can take breaks without risking failure, hell, I’d take all the loves of my life in exchange for this steaming pile of shit to be done already. It already took half of my sanity, and a quarter of my patience on keeping on with this shit-needle in a haystack, fuck. Doesn’t have to make sense on what I’m spitting out here, can’t blame myself for being angry, when it’s been like this for months and those that are supposed to help me deal with this have gone fucking AWOL. I’m flogging a dead horse here, holding onto thinly veiled threads that are for sure, bound to snap at any moment, and will cause my eventual collapse for me to die alone undiscovered and unnoticed sealed away in a dark cellar secured by a hatch with a pile of unused books above it to obscure that this spot is the fabled gates of hell told by countless sages for generations. Picture this, you’re a kid from the UK, failing maths, and because of that, you think that the programme failed you, and it’s their fault. They’re the wankers, not you, there’s no turning back from this, anticlockwise, no bollocks included.  

Sunday’s an okay day for me today, I steered myself away from trying to improve the web application, the cunt’s not the thing to be dealt with today. As a substitute, I treated this day as a day-off, I took a break from hauling ass, I just want to stop for a short amount of time to take a rest.  

Really enjoying this pixel climbing game thing I bought a few years ago. You scale mountains and towers full of pits, spikes, platforms, crags and shit, while you optionally hoard floating vibrant strawberries for showing off with your friends. It’s a fun little time-waster, and its learning curve and extreme difficulty doesn’t really bother me that much. My fingers are used to the contortions it has to make for me to execute very precise wall jumps and pixel-perfect landings that I need to progress on almost every subsection of a stage or level. Maddy’s probably tired as shit now from trekking all she’s been through, while her evil half is constantly trying to degrade her, the further she progresses up the mountain. Wiki says that she’s a transgender woman, and I think that’s cool, it’s rare to witness something like that nowadays. Yes, I’m fascinated by that fact, and I’m not bothered by it, and I think it’s good cause that the developer made her identify as what I said earlier. I’m trying to avoid referring to it as “that”, because, you know, I’m probably dehumanizing them in the eyes of other people here, but trust me, I’m not like that, MAGA hat-wearing bigot asshole whose life revolves inciting flame wars with “libtards” on the internet. Now that’s a sad life to live about. Cut with the political crap aside, I just want to say that again, this game is a fantastic piece of work, and I recommend you to try it.  

I always wonder why Americans measure distance by time. ‘We’re 5 minutes away from home.’ ‘It’s a 30-minute drive away from where I’m at, call me back when mom’s at the kitchen, notify me when the turkey’s already stuffed so I can haul ass there, real fast.’ Obvious yank who grew up from a car-centric culture. The shopping centre’s a mile away, not a fucking 5-minute drive, for chrissakes.  

“My name’s Toshiaki, and I’m a reserve currently training for the Imperial Japanese Army! Beside me is my friend Tsuyoshi, and we’re trying to improve on how we aim things, and we’re using these leftover serfs for us to lay our hands on. Right, Tsuyoshi, toss this crying baby upwards while I try to bayonet it mid-air. If the blade lands on the chest region, then that’s a good throw. If it pierces through the skull, then that’s an even better throw, you can tell when the little fucker stops crying. Let the ‘bayoneting babies in mid-air’ practice, commence! I’m sure those yanks would’ve no way of knowing that we do this to our subjects, we’re in our own free rein, in this stupid fucking island banana shithole colony. Once we’re done stabbing all these subhuman scum, we’ll report our findings to Unit 731. Fuck that MacArthur douchecanoe. Ain’t no way Dugout Doug, that wagon-burning son of a bitch is coming back, we’ve heard shit like that before, and it’s bound to happen again.”  

It’s turtles all the way down. Even when you look upwards, it’s still, turtles all the way up to heaven. This only leaves us one plausible explanation: that everything is made up of turtles, all things are made up of turtles, trillions of them in a myriad possible combinations. Turtles make up the fundamental part of matter, everything that can be seen or touched by man, no, turtle. I’m a turtle, you’re a turtle. Everyone’s a turtle. The Bible’s made of turtles, and God is a turtle. We’re ruled by turtles, we’ve got reptilian candidates with shells behind their backs; their humble abode to retreat into when things go awry, or full turtle. It’s logical that if it’s something, then it’s a turtle, nothing contradicts this axiom, all corollaries support this fundamental maxim that everything in this universe is made up of turtles. We’re drifting in a ginormous space inside the great cosmological turtle shell, with the carapace for the heavens and the plastron for hell. It’s still turtles all the way down.  

It’s 2024, and these self-righteous, iPhone-wielding, windbags whine about everything if something can’t be toggled into dark mode. The ancient ones have cleaved a massive rift on the Earth, and spew out a questionable elixir that will cure all ills, the panacea of the so-called, as mystics call it, the “Light Mode” epidemic. Millions have succumbed from the deleterious maladies it brings, with kindreds being a few steps near from Death’s door. It was about time that man had come forth on such a subterranean beauty, for the blight, after all these eons, will finally end once and for all. I have this as a solution. Now shut the fuck up and be happy. I miss those bright-ass screens scorching my eyes.  

I’m currently hiding in a bunker beneath the basement of my house. It’s too dangerous up there, and no, it’s not because some communist insurgent started dropping dirty bombs, but the government started a crackdown on people using light mode on their screens. They’ve sanctioned all the big names who refused to cooperate with them, those bastards. Fortunately, I’ve hoarded all the screens I can get in my house, safely kept within me. I also have swaths of an indispensable amount of canned goods, MREs, instant noodles, ramen and the like. I also have my generator pumped up full gas, and I have still, a metric ass-load of canisters at that side of my cellar right here. I’ve made a conscious effort that, whenever I hear knocks on my front door, porch, whatever, don’t say anything. They’re most likely cops, feds, or any other government cock-sucking asshole. Treat them with dead silence until they’re deafened with it, they’ll eventually part ways with my wooden door, slowly being broken by closed fists tight-wrapped in alligator leather. I’ll let my door stand ground on there now even if it borders total decay, I have no way of replacing it without me going outside my hatch and physically buying one, exposing myself to corporate eyes, backed by government assistance. I can look at my very bright screens down here at ease without some dickhead bothering me that light mode sucks and that I should switch to dark mode. Go eat a bag of dicks and shut the hell up. I have some modes of communication with my friends, and we use this neat little application that must not be named. We hold clandestine meetings there, discuss arcane methodologies on how to preserve the world around us written in elder futhark, and most importantly, how to obfuscate our ways with the outside world. It’s not a cult, I’m telling you, if it was then I would’ve left already. This is not some stupid Scientologist bullshit we’re doing, we just like light mode and motherfuckers like you always make fun of individuals who you think deviates from the status quo, norm, rules that are never said but understood by the silent majority. In fact, you’re bland as shit because you only follow trends, but you suck at finding at what you really like. If a trend dies and you also lose interest in it, that must mean you never liked doing it in the first place and only did it because everyone around you does it, and there’s that little sliver of wishful thinking in the back of your head that maybe someday, it’s your turn to be famous now. Anyway, it’s not my responsibility to dictate what one should like, you do you, but fuck you for making fun of me for using light mode, you’re not technologically superior if you use dark themes and shit. Continue to berate others with your gobbledygook, and you’ll end up in a state of suspended animation. What a weird diss.  

Myth or legend, nymph tales washed ashore. Near the kraken sleepeth stirs coral and bone. Infinite city, no sexy sneer. Hideous creation, human and animal. Banter songs of rudeness to be adhered. Not on rocks that glisten, harps to listen, comb hair. Tear right to pieces, left to recess a watery grave. Sensing the blood of prey, swimming in fear for life, rolling over, falling into jaws, teeth that chatter, it distracts them all. The Fiji mermaid, she will let it know. Time is coming, to feed and know.  

Little did I know that something as weird as what just happened today is able to make my head numb about witnessing things no one is supposed to see. It was a normal morning, everyone’s prepared to do their usual routines, nothing out of the ordinary in such small settlements in this time of day. About a couple hourglass flips later, the fisherfolk spotted something unusual adrift at the sea. It drifted ashore, and they seem confused by its appearance. The thing does not resemble any known boats nor vessels of that time, more like, a roundish cube-shaped thing, with small, tinted quartz squares as windows, and a visible line or streak beneath the windows, possibly indicating where should the upper part be. A few minutes after beaching up, the fishermen heard strange sounds, like a very high-pitched metal twang, probably even higher. It was like one of those things that the people from the west gave us, which were string instruments where the strings are made of very thinly curated strings of metal, of varying length, each of different pitch and thickness. The thing made that sound, although it was continuous and never fluctuated nor deviated from its progenitor, and it stopped immediately as it abruptly started. Out came a figure, a woman dressed in strange robes. Her hair has a reddish hue on it, with artificial strips of white on a few strand-ends. The woman was fair-skinned, paler than the people here frolicking at the shore. When she opened her mouth to say some words, none of the spectators around understood what she said, and when the people watching her try to say something in their words, she didn’t seem to understand them as well. Another unusual tidbit that is worthy of mentioning is that she’s clutching on what appears to be a rectangular-shaped box, with unknown marks engraved on it. The bas-relief appears to possess symbols in a language not known by the fishermen, and that it also features immaculate depictions of creatures which do not resemble anything known from the region. The men seemed to be confused on what’s currently happening, and have no idea on what to make of it. Sometime later after unsuccessful attempts at trying to convey information, the woman pushed her vessel back to the ocean and got inside the vessel, and drifted away, never to be seen again. The common folk spread the word about the odd encounter throughout the village during that day, and was eventually laid to paper by the following weeks. By the time of me recounting this, I still have no idea on what just happened during that very day, as I was one of the spectators witnessing the event, trying to comprehend and understand the ominous air that surrounds it. I’m preserving this journal in case that someone from a hundred years for now, sees this and do whatever they please with it.  

They keep warning me man, but I never listen, I never fucking took their word for granted. These people, they say that I should keep this shit to myself, but I didn’t care, gave no flying fucks, and did it anyway. They warn me of the unintended consequences that my behaviors may cause, my habit of showing what I’m listening on Spotify through my Discord status. Shit, they told me that it comes off as attention-whoring, and that its even worse in my case because I play heavy metal music, and they say I’m trying to show it off to other people. They warned me that if somebody sees you playing this shit in public, that’s enough for people to label you as a no-good, edgy atheist Satanist depressed teenage angst-ridden closet fuckhead asshole. They keep warning me but I never stop, I still do it today. I am a world before I am a man, and I can do whatever the hell I want. I’m showing it because I like to, not to fucking showboat metal music on people. That’s some really pathetic shit right there if you think that’s an example of showing off. Come on now, look at yourself, fucking hiding invisible and shit, show yourself on Discord that you’re really online and not hypocritically hiding your sorry ass like the fucking bitch-ass pussy you are.  

Smoked barbed mycelium sheathed in a turpentine-soaked flask is what makes a vorpal sword keen and ready for thrusting and piking into an assailant’s nape. It’s what the groupthink wants you to remember.  

This content isn’t available right now. When this happens, it’s usually because the owner usually shared it with a small group of people, changed who can see it, or it’s been deleted.  

I know that you didn’t write that sentence, you lying piece of shit. You used an AI service to generate it for you. It’s obvious because every fucking time you tell me that you wrote something new in our paper, the apostrophes and quotation marks are rendered as “dummy” quotes (", '). You know, fucking copied it straight off, verbatim from the AI website itself. If you did type it by hand, Word, or Google Docs, would’ve rendered it as smart curly quotes, like these: (“, “, ‘, ’). There’s no way of denying it right now, Docs tracks all history of a document, and it shows that you did it and there’s no way of deleting it from there. Sometimes, remnants of AI-ness can still be seen if you paste it on our document. I’m not buying that shit that you know what the fuck all you just wrote. I know you use that stupid text summarizer service very religiously. All that’s left is to get the thickest thesaurus you can find, wrap the pages around your flaccid dick, stroke it up and down repeatedly until you appoint Jesus for his second coming. I have proof, and there’s no point in denying it.  

“Dude, this guy’s a major red flag, no cap. I see that he barely posts shit in all of his linked accounts, must be hiding dead bodies or something. If I were you, I’d cut off ties with him immediately, and tell all of your friends that this dude’s an incel asshole, regardless of what he’s actually like. For me, it’s always a major red flag if someone doesn’t have an Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, Facebook and others. On the other hand, if they’re active in platforms like Discord or Reddit, stay away from them, these social spaces are always dominated by losers. This guy also hides his face from all of his accounts, unlike us, we the normal people, show our faces in random pictures all the time to show how social and shit we are. I also took a peek on this dude’s Spotify account, and there’s no hint of even the smallest of Taylor Swift’s influence in his playlists, major red flag, no cap. I see metal songs, though, and without second thought, this guy must be into Satanic banshee screeching depressive emo shit. Green Day? That’s so 2009, shit’s lame now. Slipknot’s a major turn-off, red flag, no cap. I bet you, this guy eats alone at lunch and likes it. Oh yeah, remember the Nirvana shirt I borrowed from you last month? I have it now, here. I think they’re a good shirt brand, the fabric’s nice and all. I’m not sure what’s with the smiley face motif all about, but I think it’s cool. Occasionally, I had worn-out looking dudes coming up to me and tell me to ‘name three songs’, but I always ignore them because I don’t know what they mean, must be some of that weird covert syndicate shit.”  

“For every schoolwork in college, I had my temptress, ChatGPT, give me wet $2 blowjobs. I also have the power of Apple in my expensive iPhone, stored deep and untainted in my scabbard. I’m proud to have diamonds in my pocket every time I saunter the hallways of our university. For sure, my online girlfriend is proud of me, yes, she’s real, fuck off, I’m not being catfished. I set up a date with her on Valorant a few days ago, and won all matches (me, of course, being the deciding factor). I don’t know why everyone’s ignoring me, but that’s nothing compared to ChatGPT carrying my ass semester by semester.”  

I’ve had close encounters with dickheads in college that brag about not sleeping, implying that they’re doing something important at midnight. In reality, they just sleep as much as you do, and attribute the lack of good grades on their imaginary world where they never sleep and play games at that time. They always turn the fact of being unable to sleep as a dick-measuring contest. These bitches treat it like a badge of honor to be displayed on their fridge for their mom to see. Doesn’t even cook, just slouching their asses off all day, playing fucking Valorant or some shit. “I’m telling you right now bruh, I go to sleep at 4, rise at 5, I’m really, really, really important that I need to shove my self-esteem into other people’s faces that I’m working really hard and don’t need sleep at all, and fuck all people that disagree with me, it’s because y’all sleep and that means y’all way lazier than me, I got more time on chatting three bitches at the same time on Facebook than I do sleep.” Yeah, shut the hell up.  

Korn has a song about denying being a baguette. “All my life, who am I? I’m just a baguette! I’m not a baguette! You motherfucking queers!”  I’m not really sure on the last part, though, but it did inspire me to run my own bakeshop and sell baguettes, croissants, etc.  

Big gaps. Can you guess where? Here’s a hint: inside a place where electronic discourses take place, and a majority of this land’s common folk use it as a medium for communication. Gargantuan gaps spanning eons, that is.  

Regarding Reddit users, or “redditors.” One can judge if a user is genuine by snooping into their profile, and look for instances of profane language being used liberally. For example, if a user says words like “fuck”, “shit”, “bitch”, or less commonly, “cunt” or “twat” as often as a normal person would, then that user is a genuine human being. This classification may count even if swear words are used sporadically throughout their account. If a user has no instances of cuss words anywhere in their posts, then that user must be pigeonholed into the fakest pieces of shit ever to walk over on this planet, especially if they’re the type that actively avoids swearing because it makes them seem respectful or some shit. Holier-than-thou type of thing, that user must frequent numerous Christian servers and spread the word of Jesus while being so far up their own ass. Sometimes, if they do swear, they’d self-censor their own words, or use substitutes that sound like they came from Kidz Bop. They’ll write “f*ck” instead of “fuck”, the normal version, or even worse, “frick”. “Oh frick, I forgot to take the kids to Sunday school. I really need to indoctrinate them the gospel of the Lord so they’ll grow up to be good Christians in the near future.” Yes, good Christians, not good people. The parents will suffer from extreme cognitive dissonance if their kid grew up to be a good Muslim instead.  

“Get the fuck out of here. You’re sad? Bullshit. You ain’t fucking sad, you’re not allowed to be sad. You’re complaining about how your life is shit, eh? How about you try to be in my shoes, huh? Fucking hell, I have a job, and it’s really hard as shit, requiring me to stare at computer screens and write shitty paperwork for hours straight, how does that shit sound? Did it get to you? Your problems don’t fucking matter shit, my problem’s a bigger pain in the ass than yours, therefore your problems are insignificant compared to fine, so fuck you, stop complaining and shut the fuck up. You’re not allowed to be sad, remember these words, sear it permanently in your head, you’re not allowed to complain. You’re not allowed to be mad, either. If you do, you’re only showing me on how much of a colossal pussy you are. Don’t know how to do some basic adult shit? Can’t make a bank account because you don’t know how? Eat shit. I’m not going to tell you how and I’ll leave you like this forever, for the rest of your life, because it’s better for me to have someone to shit fury on for being so fucking stupid.”  

Seems like the man’s projecting his inner struggles again. Interesting. Take note of entire paragraphs enclosed in double quotes. Looks like the man’s using it as an excuse to say that it wasn’t them saying the whole thing, but quoting certain somebodies. I can’t blame them, the man said that they have to deal with a lot of crap every day, and mentioned something along the lines of “they” just don’t really care about them, the man. A consequence of that is that they started writing all their experiences with their peers, highlighting random encounters. Oh yeah, I’m not talking about the person who conceived this document, it’s up to the reader to guess on who’s being discussed about here.  

Abstain from writing stuff you read from others, there is no place for that here. It’s okay to be inspired by what others wrote, but it should be completely off-limits from being copied word-for-word. If you think that, nobody cares, because nobody will read it anyway, then you’re wrong. Explain to yourself that if a person tries to query a quote from a copyrighted work, enclosed in double quotes, which usually means searching for exact keywords in search engines like Google, Yahoo, etc., if both results show their work that contains that passage and your shitty replication of it, you’re dead. Not my problem now. Even that AI magic everyone’s using to bullshit their essays is still vulnerable to things like this. Now, if you do pledge with your mom on your side as an associative authority that you want to use this phrase for your work, do cite the original author(s) and source(s) on where you extracted it from.  

I reminisce memories of me playing with mid-tier plastic billiard toys when I was younger. Balls made of crappy Chinese plastic, with little wedges or tendrils sticking out on some parts, indicating that this was done poorly in a factory. The tablecloth’s made of cardboard, brightly colored green with lines indicating where should I place the cue. Problem was that since the balls are made of plastic and the board with paper, the cue ball keeps slipping off on one side, because the table was also somewhat lopsided, so it does that exaggerated nudge every time I start the game. It also comes with a little plastic triangle, so I can make a three-sided phalanx with my colored balls, excluding whitey, to that of a third of a Triforce. If you know, you know, don’t ask.  

Currently trying to obfuscate sensitive sweet nothings in hexadecimal. I know this won’t accomplish anything, trying to conceal nothing is not an advantageous trait in the sense of climbing up the social pyramid. Even I don’t know what I’m talking about, just the spur-of-the-moment to shoot the shit whenever possible. Feels like a privilege living inside a temple made of sea salt. Having a wallpaper of yourself in whatever device you have is narcissistic and fucking stupid, unless the picture shows somebody else other than just you. Truly the dog’s bollocks right here, just went through Jesus’ nail-hole on his right palm, and I became a changed man. I was cleansed of sin, and it wore off more smoothly than I expected.  

I notice that I tend to be annoyingly pedantic and point out mistakes more often when I’m in a worse state of mind than normal, and it usually goes unnoticed. I need to be more conscious of myself and the influence I’m projecting. I don’t know what the hell problems I have caused from this simple realization, but I promise to be a better human being in the future. That’s a pledge that I’ll ought to obey or I’ll end up as the person I least want to be, you-know-who. It’s coming back to me, all the shit that I’ve thrown at them for being so inconsiderate and stupid at the simplest of things. One should realize that not everyone thinks the same way as they do, and should respect on how they approach things, unless their methods involve harming other people for their own personal gain. Those people suck, like, I know, me?  

It’s about time to recognize the importance of these two halves. Sometimes, half the time, it’s just one of those things that I do just because; there’s no actual reason, I just do it because I want to have fun, and be the human being I’m supposed to be. Everyone longs for some sort of connection with their peers, I’m calling the bullshit police on you if you don’t. It’s one of those things where I never expect malice to be thrown back at me. I’m not putting this in a way that I want to make fun of people, especially if it escalates to harming them at any way. Just playful banter, self-deprecated teasing and shit. The other half is in a more “serious” tone, and I’m sure that wrote about this numerous times already, but it’s that almost every day, crippling feeling of isolation, whether intentional or not. I’ve had strangers stare at me for long periods like I’m stupid. There wasn’t even a good reason for that to happen, it just happens. Sometimes, I can feel them making fun of me behind my back. It’s happened so often that my head adapted firmly to ignore, but it comes with great mental effort to effectively ignore all that implied shit-talking. Whenever I ride public transportation, in order to avoid unnecessary trouble, I always look down crestfallen on the floor especially when standing in a bus, where there is a great assortment of shoes, of variegated designs and colors. I should also note that my gaze should be visibly low enough for other passengers to see in order to not be mistaken, theoretically, that I’m staring at a girl’s ass. That’s some wild conscious effort to take in, especially because I’m just being paranoid and shit. I do take occasional peeks on the vehicle windows, to obviously know where I’m currently at and if I can safely get off. Note to self: how you act and look around inside a public utility vehicle is not how God will lay judgment on your purgatorial afterglow, but more on how genuine you are as a human being, or in Christian terms, how close you are to be God’s overly attached, devoted maniacal follower, I don’t know, just shut the hell up if you’ve no idea what you’re talking about. So, there’s that, the public transport thing. An occurrence that happens very much every day is the silent treatment I’m always getting. Dosage amounts may vary, but I’m fairly certain that the pills I’m taking are definitely above the standard threshold. Dead reckoning won’t guide me to the brightest place if I’m lost, but the darkness can. Every time I go outside, the first thing I always have in mind is to absolutely, with your utmost courage, try your hardest to avoid eye contact at all times. This might sound stupid, but I know that the people I see every day are the same set of people I saw since my family moved here in our gated community, I always tell myself to not make eye contact with anyone, it almost makes me remind of something unpleasant, not going to state it here, but for clarity, I’ve never done something very bad that it harmed someone else’s life. It’s just that makes me feel bad, and the best way to prevent it from happening is, that. I had had happiness stolen away from me multiple times, but there’s no reason for me to hold grudges on the assholes I truly resent, the hate wears and lingers off the older I become. No one wants a huge gaping hole on their chest caved in purely by hate. I also exercise poor memory management, so I write as much as I can in short bursts, and stop. Then, I don’t remember what I was writing this half-past twelve. More often than I would think, everything seems like a bunch of unrelated sentences concatenated together, for the sake of not wasting space. For most of the time, if given the opportunity to spill verbiage, it’s always thought last that it shouldn’t have been done in the first place, but rather shackled it shut in the back realms of insanity, and have it fiddle with butterflies until it blinds itself from shimmering colors. Remember that time when you had your blushing bride mend ways with you? It never got to the point beyond conversing, and even less the chance to die together in each other’s arms. They cut off the string before it got tighter, and that was a good decision because it could’ve been any worse, near shallow murder waters, a hollow promise to treat them well. Unintentional pronoun shift. Consequences are now lashed out to somebody who’s not me, nor the author, you, or anyone, reader. Funny midnight things, always at its peak when the moon waxes its full bright lunar ass. Moonlight strikes the old jalousie rack, splits it as rays of dull indigo hue. The wick’s burning out, candle wax pooling in the rusty holder, slowly extinguished by frozen midnight air. In the shelves shelter countless homemade wickerwork, earthen jars full of glass marbles, and dead, dust-collecting tchotchkes. It makes no sense for me to just look at them to find inspiration. There’s that strong urge behind me to try not to cry, because it’s seen as not manly enough, but holy shit, nobody cares at this time, right? Everyone’s asleep, no one’s out here in the open to see me, I’m practically hidden without the need to cover myself, no more containing, gush it all out because I can and nothing’s stopping me, relief, breathe, hesitate, ponder on what my room just gave me, take off my thinking cap, can’t form thoughts straight. I wish I can kill myself, no more obfuscating, hiding, concealing, be the most direct as I can to show the utmost intention, but suddenly stop out of fear and cowardice. Being hostile on the world around you, fucking classic. Doubt you, just now, nobody can see this. Change that thought a little bit, people can definitely see this shit put up on here, just that nobody’s telling you because they’re on your fucking back again, making fun of you, again, and again, and again, and motherfucking again. “Look at this shit! Why did this idiot think that putting this up here is a good idea? Come on now, what the actual fuck am I reading.” Really though, I regret putting this here. All that insecurities and narcissism spread on this page. I need to remind you that some of these cenotaphs are older than they look. Cenotaph? Paragraphs. That’s not what a cenotaph means. In fact, cenotaphs are definitely way emptier than this. Hollow tombs that honor the irreplaceable service provided by fallen soldiers. Expanding random thoughts into long-winded dirges of boredom is what inflates this document into milking itself. Leaving meaning behind, it almost, always results to possessing an artificial perception on everyday things. Not that this matters much, but some things are best left undescribed. There is no need for words to back it up, all the experiences that stick out will be for you to remember for the rest of your life, lingering there until the time comes. You can laugh forever but you will never end up happy, edgy, edgy. Makes me want to pull my hair out after seeing teen angst spilled over at the back of their notebook. Scribbles, arcane incantations and crude drawings of dicks are inscriptions frequently encountered during one’s sojourn on the back pages. The front pages seem normal, it mostly contained notes about conditional forms, differential equations, lecture notes, etc. Megalomaniac must’ve been suffering from the severe academic pressure that the institution has provided them, so they resorted in scribbling dicks on the back side of their manuscript instead to relieve themselves that there’s still fun out there to do despite the dystopian walls they have to scale. I’m not allowed to talk is all I know.  

While I was writing that obituary above, my nose randomly bled out. Had to rush myself a towel to stop it from getting all over my room. I don’t think you’d also like it if your mattress suddenly turned into a heinous crime scene. It’s that pungent scent of fresh, organic iron that lingers for a long time.  

“Be positive! Let’s go to the park together, walk our dog, feed birds, and sing merry melodies! We’ll look at the rainbows streaking from the sky! Come on, join the fun!” It wasn’t that long ago that I took solid advice from the park crackhead, but I got to admit, once the negativity’s all gone, it feels so refreshing that I’m seeing the good side of things with my very own eyes. Maybe it’s because that my pupils are super dilated, but I think the snorts are worth it. It won’t be too long before the men in blue suits come and catch me.  

My Facebook feed is clean. I never stalk other people’s or my friend’s accounts. I can tell because all the recommendations I get are from pages I have no interest with. Rarely there is something on my feed that a friend posted. Maybe that’s why my chat boxes are also very silent.  

“Can’t wait for this dude to write pulp fiction erotica! Fuck, the look on his face when he’s trying to describe when a dick slips inside a meat pocket, must be harrowing for this dude. ‘Seducing the bitch’? What the fuck is that? ‘Lashing my temptress while I violate all her holes. I came so much that I jizzed an entire world map on my dungeon walls.’ Fuck this horny teenager porn shit, I’m out. Not my place to judge when there’s probably weird ones way out there getting themselves off on reading horny tabloids.”  

Have you seen Cars? Wonder why they have sidewalks/curbs but no motorcycles? Do environmentalists question themselves whenever they get a glimpse of this movie? Lightning McQueen’s going to overrun those mouth breathers and leave them inhaling his exhausts, or carbon emissions, meaning shit.  

I always have that feeling of guilt whenever I try to show something I like. It’s that deep sense of regret that comes immediately, right after sharing something. That’s why I prefer to keep these things for myself, and only do tell if somebody asks me for it. To be fair, the things I’m interested in is boring for other people, like, (REDACTED). You’re an insecure piece of shit.  

After all these years, I finally spotted one in the wild. I just caught this dude liking their own posts on Facebook. Holy fuck what a pathetic piece of shit. If that wasn’t bad enough, they’re always the first one that likes their own posts! Can’t the dude just wait for it to gain traction for some time and do that? To make matters worse, some of the likers appear to be the guy’s alts.  

You know, as much as I want to express myself online, I stay silent because I fear everyone, including my friends. All online manifestations of myself are left intentionally like that. Yes, I have other matters that are up there, just rendered privately. It’s up to you on how to interpret that. There, answer’s straight to the point. No more details left to disclose, so I think my answer solves this ticket. Sleuthing won’t lead you anywhere.  

Me have bad sense of time. Have had, had had, has had, ass wad, should have, would have, will have. What right use, me don’t know.  

It’s hitting me right now, and I want it to fucking stop. I get too affected by things that I have no fucking clue about, shit. There’s no need for me to always have a snoop on what’s happening, I’m not missing out anything major. I want to fix my mind, just fucking stop, it’s consuming me very slowly. Just make me enjoy life as a normal human being, don’t get too affected on what they’re doing, there’s no need for me to barge in every fucking time they do something. Whatever I say, as hard it is to admit, I’m desperate for attention, and want constant connections that make me feel being cared, fucking pampering and shit, shut the fuck up, stop, please stab me, violently slit and hack my throat and leave me here until I profusely bleed to death, it’s fucking consuming me and I want to be engulfed by the big gloom, gloaming, it’s way safer than letting it continue living rent-free in my head, and oversee me slowly destroy, and corrupt myself, please, I’m begging you, no more patient endurance tests, I can’t bear it anymore, I know very well that it’s easier to let go than contain, please. I don’t want to give bad influences on nobody, don’t want to be the bad apple that spoils the whole bunch, which are my friends. Again, please do the deed now, before anger takes over me, I may harm someone out of the blue, so please, I’m going to keep egging you about it, please do it now. I have this motherfucker beside me for a decade, and there’s no point in enduring, possibly six more.  

Hugs. Never had one in years. You’d probably think that at least, my mom hugs me occasionally. That doesn’t seem to be the case. In fact, the last one was so long ago that I barely remember the feeling. I don’t know why, she probably thought it was not something of importance, or that she fails to see it as something that you should absolutely do with your kids, you know, to express that you love them and to give them a parental sense of comfort. Right now, I’m not looking for a hug, but it nice to have one. That sounded weird. But, yeah, it feels good to be hugged, especially when it’s with that person, embracing and all. Nah, don’t think too much about it. I’ll get mine again, someday. I must be *that* stupid if I fantasize about being hugged since that should be really easy. Yeah, yeah, just shut up.  

“A kiss? Yeah, I do want that too, but I likes hugs more, nah, nah, SHUT THE FUCK UP. You’re only making this shit weird. You’re drunk.”  

I waited so long for the updates to come, only for it become total burning garbage. Sometimes, I write whole paragraphs containing gibberish to test how much I can spit before getting tired. I think of something to write, and then forget it immediately. That sucks. But, if you think that I use AI to assist myself on writing these, then you can safely opt to swallow a huge, girthy horse cock whole, you feckless bitch.  

Holy shit, it’s the call! `@everyone`! `@everyone`! They’re using `@everyone` because fuck mentioning you! What? You thought somebody wants to talk with you? Fuck no, that seems like the biggest pile of horseshit I’ve heard in years, of course it’s always an `@everyone` call! `@everyone`! `@everyone`! Something important must be conveyed to all members, `@everyone`, `@everyone`! Holy shit, they used `@everyone` to ping everybody in the group, but only because the caller was too lazy to specify who exactly to call, so they typed `@everyone` instead to save time, and of course, without the intention of mentioning you. Why? Because fuck you, that’s why.  

A noticeable trend has started to emerge on my years of using this platform. For the past few months, I noticed that the number of mutually assured connections seems to be dwindling at an unusual rate. Meticulous observations have shown that when the data I gathered is plotted against a graph, two dimensions, with $x$ for time and $y$ for the number of mutually assured connections, the points seem to correlate to a logarithmic rate of change. Now, don’t get confused, I’m completely lost for my choice of words, but I doubt that whoever reads this gives a shit. Recent studies show a direct correlation with the number of said connections, to the frequency of having a connection’s digital extension of themselves appearing on my electronic feed. The more connections I have mutually assured, the more often their representations appear, and the opposite, or negative does the same thing; both variables exhibit a decrease in $y$-value. At the time of me writing this, I currently possess about eight hundred of these connections, with no observed increase in the past few months, as mentioned earlier. Countless solutions have been proposed to counteract this predicament by experts and professionals, but the validity and effectiveness of these regarding the situation is yet to be verified. If the trend continues, it’s predicted that the number of connections will become close to naught in a few decades. It’s up to the reader on their own thoughts and interpretations on what is being discussed in this section. They can probably guess what this platform is, and what “mutually assured connections” mean. Google may not be of help this time.  

「おい、お前、勅使河原、ここに行けぇ！この飛行機はすごく速くて巨大なぁ、クソ！ねぇ、お前、あの船が見える？あのアメリカの、緑の巨大な船？このクソ飛行機をあのマーザーファッキング船に飛びて！」, babbled Hideki Tojo.  

I can feel its power, I am now unstoppable, nobody can get in my way! Are police going to stop me, are they? I’ll cut their bloody knee nor cars in half, lads. I fear no man now that I have this impervious ladder of steel, this god of blades, this MOTHERFUCKING EXCALIBUR! Come on, my beauty, let us demonstrate your unlimited power and cleave this hideous earth in twain!  

Did a little bit of window shopping a while back, just by myself. I went to a book store, and was struck by the smell of unopened tomes. I shuffled myself and had a look and read on some of the literature that’s up there for sale, no intention in making a purchase. Lots of penny dreadfuls in there, pop flicks about teenage romance, self-help books, which ironically, means the people buying these shit gets help from somebody else, they’re just taking those capitalist cocks in their asses so much that they think they’re helping themselves through reading fucking self-help books, maybe vicariously, I don’t know. Anyway, every corner of the shop has this familiar book paper smell, lingers throughout you, coercing you to nab one of these books and take it home only except that you can’t and you’re a law-abiding citizen and I’m running out of ideas so it’s best for me to bounce from this outlet and carry on strolling around inside this huge mall, alone. Another feasible option is to go back home, there’s way more things to do there than, fucking walking around doing nothing and wasting your time. Next time, have someone to do this with you, so you don’t tick all checkboxes of unsaid requirements of looking like a lost prick at the mall. Do note that I’m in a country that does not use pennies as its smallest form, denomination or unit of currency, much less to be able to buy things like a crappy magazine strip for that much.  

Last night, I made sure that I neatly packed all my belongings, because I’m going to go for a major trek tomorrow. I’ve gotten myself a good life’s worth of canned goods gently stacked inside my knapsack, a tent for building a temporary shelter, and for showing how nomadic and stupid I am, and matches, lighters, flints (what?), and other thingamajigs that may aid me in helping start a small fire, for warmth and affection, once I’m out there in the cold. I have a multi-purpose, Swiss army knife, for self-defense and showing off. Honestly, I never planned or thought about going back here in my home, well, maybe, a little urge of it being there, an inkling. I’m off now, see you on the other end of the world. I’m excited for this trip, and quite to have the gall to meet and greet with precious sweet death.  

I rarely show colors.  

Pretty much a wild shot right here, but I have a grim suspicion that I may be on the spectrum. I admit that I have difficulty understanding social cues, especially if it’s so implied and ingrained that it’s too embarrassing to point out. Nah, don’t egg yourself too much into it. My friends in the mirror can see me making the most of the world around me, at all times.  

I want to give credit to the people who shaped me the person I am today. Without my interactions with them and their positive influences, I may have, for worse, still into really shallow, really thin, I don’t know, approach on everyday life. Mundane and damp, cold and dry, lifeless and drab, thanks again to all the people that made my life shine color in the darkest of times, I couldn’t have done it without all of you. Your countless recommendations on art, games, literature, movies, and other things, is what keeps my consciousness in good shape. Got to give the little guy in my head a bit of fun, sometimes. It’s not fun indulging and engaging in doing, I don’t know, studying for most of the time. There’s simply no way for me to motivate, hoist myself up and expect to study for timeless hours on end. Hors d’oeuvre’s dying to be picked from the platter. Trickles of fountain pen ink go pitter-patter. Clock’s ticking fast, so would you rather, finish all your homework, you lazy motherfucker. Resist the urge to tear the paper asunder, and start writing words shelved down under, your brain, whatever.  

Tell ye a li’l secret: I’m afraid of what may the near future be, and I’m very much ill-prepared, not a pound of care in my arsenal. The uncertainty it brings is the peppermint icing on the strawberry shit cake.  

No, I don’t view myself as a purveyor of music. Nothing’s special when I curate playlists, I make them because I want it neatly sorted. You can view it, listen to it if you want. I personally don’t want to be known as the “music collector guy” or some kind of a digital vinyl hoarder, don’t want to be viewed as some kind of magical font that spews unstruck gold, makes me feel like that I’m an arrogant pedant whose main flick on life is to have “the most superior taste in music”, that’s just stupid. Don’t want to be pigeonholed into these types of people.  

I stretched out my arms while inside my sleeping bag. Looking for the zipper tab, I contorted my arms to check if I can still bend them in the old ways, knees akimbo and the like, just making sure that my limbs still have some circulation in them; not numb from being bound in a tight space overnight. What greeted me as soon as I emerged from my sack, are endless rows of canned goods, fruits and vegetables that have bested their before, and other indiscriminate garbage that I’m still too hazy and dizzy to think about. I’m in a convenience store, an abandoned one. Judging by the projection it gives me, it’s a desolate scene, dead and ancient in nature. Small plants trickle near the corners of the walls, cracks, crevices and bullet holes everywhere, piles of coagulated rubbish, organic or not, I don’t know, and what appears to be a pile of skull and bones. Oh yeah, I haven’t seen anyone for a long time. Most of the time, I find myself exploring establishments to find something interesting to do, like rummaging for food, stumbling upon weird tchotchkes, and sightseeing. It has become a hobby of mine to study on what was once this lively world full of people, vibrant and kicking, to become this barren stump of rampant earth and green, with gray. I can list out a full litany of these things that helped my observations on what happened before I came into being, but I want to highlight a few, the ones that I think contributed to the downfall of the area around me. There seems to be a global conflict, violence, war, or something, for which I know not the cause. The graffiti on the walls mentioning something about bunkers and the painters “was here”-ing, countless unexploded ordnances and rampant bullet holes on every object I see, is what made me go into that conclusion. Like the pyramids in both Old and New Worlds, the buildings outlived the dystopian empires that erected them, the only difference is that there’s no one out here but me to be with their statues. Despite having not seen even a single soul ever since I was brought upon to this world, I don’t feel a sense of loneliness or melancholy; in fact, I feel like I’m being watched. Even though the eyes that look at me has not yet met mine, the air around me changes where it’s most notable. It’s obvious that someone’s watching me, and I don’t know their motive nor agenda, but hey, what can you not do in a world like this? No one’s stopping me but that guy, I’m not even sure if they’re real. If the world has taught me something, it has to be that my whole life is an allegory. My parents set me up to dwell in this dusty shithole, if they’re even there. Are the hyssops hiding something from me? Oh yeah, almost forgot to say that I have no idea how old I am, but I may pass off as an adult on God’s eyes. So, when night falls, I have to crawl back in my egg sac and doze off for a few eons. Wake me up when the flowers waltz again.  

There’s absolutely no way in hell that I’m going to read past all 90 fucking slides in one sitting, the damn exam’s coming in, homing at me, two hours from now. Shit, if I was notified of how grueling this will be, then I might be well-prepped to tackle this conundrum, but alas, God decided to spin this bottle and let divination decide what His godly powers must do to notify me of this happening, which unfortunately landed on harrowing circumstances and made an omnipotent decision to not let me know about the upcoming exam, so he can doze off, hide behind the fluffy clouds, staring down at the intelligent apes He willed to exist based on his own liking, occasionally taking subtle peaks inside bathroom stalls regardless of gender, because hey, if you’re an omnipotent, omnipresent, omnibenevolent motherfucker, you can pretty much do whatever you want. Want to bend time and space to get an outcome of your own personal liking? Sure. Want to be deciding factor on making countless contradictions inside people’s minds simply because they doubt your existence and that you know that they don’t know how to question themselves? Absolutely. The power of God has to be possessed by someone deserving, though. Its endless opportunities provide unlimited scope and reach, so much that it can be certainly used for manipulation and abuse, typically towards the disadvantaged, where you fall under. Anyways, I need to stop meandering away from my own original intentions during this time of day and go back from where should I be sat. The PowerPoint slides ain’t gonna move itself, it will only shift and change on your accord, so enough of this shit, and study. Did you catch those whippoorwills yet?  

C’mon, like the conscientious objector, then-private Desmond Doss, give me one more, fucking one more, one last chance, to thrive, to survive, to crawl out of this shithole, the snakes of time have already pestered my pedestals enough, so much that I lost all sense of reason, devoid of rationality, indecision decrepit and terrifyingly abundant at all corners of the tunnels, just one more, please, I beg of you, help me scuttle out of this grotto, even if it costs all of my arms and legs. The least I want to happen is for all my calls and wails of help to end in total vain, so please, guide me like the shepherd leads their sheep to green pastures, where light shines a bright future for me ahead.  

You know what, I had to say it. Fuck that one particular professor. Never acted like one either. Didn’t teach shit, kept making and laughing at their own dry jokes. I passed their course, but learned nothing. Feels like a waste of money allocating school funds to write this bitch their salary.  

Before jumping into conclusions and splashing all the piss water around you, I like Burzum, the black metal project by Varg Vikernes, or Louis Cachet, in whatever way you prefer, but fuck him as a person. He’s a good musician, sure, but he’s also an edgelord lowlife neo-Nazi twat, a full-blown racist, and a murderer, stabbed a dude during an altercation. As much as a shame it was, this isn’t a good reason for me to stop listening to this dude’s music. One can appreciate an artwork while acknowledging scorn for an artist’s personal worldviews. I’m not using this as an excuse to be a bigot, just wanting to clarify things. I’m not a neo-Nazi, nor a sympathizer, but an ordinary person who appreciates art when they see it shine the brightest in contrast to the dead world and constant blight around them. I can say the same things on artists that have produced brilliant works of art, but are blithering idiots in person. R. Kelly, you know that dude? He sang “I Believe I Can F(uck kids)ly”, I think that’s a bop. He believes he can touch it (or them) too. I apologize for this controversial take on things.  

“One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them. One ring to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them.”, it reads. Damn, if this motherfucker can make me invisible wherever I go as I slide it in my finger, then I can probably see why that filthy fuck Gollum has craved this shit for so long, like heroin. Dude grew older as slow as his sanity left him. Despite being torn on obtaining his very precious, his lust outgrew his rationality, driven by temptation and went for it, even if it costs him his life, and fingers. He slipped off and fell to his demise from the crags and rock he was dancing on, celebrating the reunion with his ring. Gumption drove him into this, and as he slowly died while floating on molten earth, with the ring still in his hand, he sunk with no streak of pain in his face. No thoughts of death rushed to his mind, all that’s well is that his precious is in his hands again. And so that skeletal fuck died and the ring was destroyed and Frodo and his friends went on with life and Gandalf did some magical wizard shit.  

People have been asking me this from time to time, about why, or how do I feel about listening to heavy music, particularly black and death metal. Now, every time they inquire me about this, they always do the “face”, you know, the good ol’ “what the fuck are you listening” type of face, with a hint of snicker signifying that what I’m doing is outlandishly weird and that I should stop. Don’t be confused, people are naturally curious on things they don’t know, but for most of the time, they’re also afraid on stepping out from their comfort zone. They do feel more comfortable jumping borders if all their friends are doing the same, hot new trend, so to speak. Back to the topic, I listen to music like this because it evokes a sense of calmness, giving me a somewhat pacifist approach on the mundane chills of life. I know the irony of it, because you know, it’s all screaming, growling, screeching, howling and distorted guitars layered by fast drum beats, but the point is, I use the music as a medium to be my companion to scream out my internal struggles instead of physically expressing it for all eyes to see. No, that’s not my answer to this inquiry, but rather I like heavy music because I like how it sounds. I want to hear something fast, then I turn to metal music. Just like that. Metal releases pent-up emotions in cathartic episodes, and that gives me the sweet dopamine rush in my head. I also listen to other genres as well, so metal’s not the only thing blasting and punching my eardrums all day. Alternative rock and its derivatives, electronic, neoclassical and jazz are some of my picks. “You like shit like Paramore, Phoebe Bridgers and Cannibal Corpse? Fucking Bolt Thrower and Infant Annihilator? Get the fuck away from here bro, you sound like you’re listening to them on purpose just so you can be labeled as ‘diverse’ and ‘unique’, fucking asshole. I bet you can’t stand that pop diva bitch, Taylor Swift, because she’s too popular for you (yet). Fake ass bitch. I fucks with 2Pac’s shit since before he was shot! That makes me a more legit music fan than you do, poser-ass scum fuck. I stick to only one genre because I’m the shit, and I gatekeep because I can.”  

When boredom hits, write. It’s a good coping mechanism, like I’m talking to myself without risking looking like an imbecile in front of other people. Writing things in here expresses your thoughts without having to worry about, I don’t know, people and other annoyances? Whatever, I always wanted to write about certain things without it having veiled behind in academic pressure, you know, the need to write because I have an essay due tomorrow? Especially when the topic is uninteresting, that just demotivates me to push my pen on my paper. Fingers on my keyboard, rather. Gives me the thought that I can put stuff here whatever I want, liberally and without control from my superiors, I can cuss here, no fucking problem, not really that palatable in academic contexts. If you know me, you know that I have siblings, but they barely talk to me and vice-versa, so there’s that; more leeway for me to write stuff because they ignore me on every minute and hour while I’m here in my room, indulging in my free rein, yeah. Teeny little disadvantage though: no one’s out here to critique the shit I put out, so I try to be as humble as possible and not inflate my ego in order to be consistent? Stupidly lax on these rules, you’ll hit the bong pipes as you spill ink blots on parchment paper. As bland as vanilla, you ought to die. Nobody cares, to yourself; you lie.  

YOOOOOOO WHAT THE FUCK GUYYYSSSSS HOLY MOTHERFUCKING SHIIIIEETTTTTTT I’M SAD MY BROS I’M FUCKING SAD, I’M MELANCHOLIC AND DEPRESSED FOR ALL THESE YEARS, I’M AT FUCKING WIT’S END FOR THE ENTIRETY OF MY WHOLE FUCKING EXISTENCE HOLY CRAAAPPPPPPP NO SHAME IN FUCKING SHOWING IT HERE BECAUSE I WANT PEOPLE TO FUCKING KNOWWWWWWW NO MORE PRETENDING NO MORE FUCKING HIDING NO MORE PLAYING ALONG WITH THIS SHIT, I ADMIT THAT IT SUCKS TO BE THIS LONELY FOR A FUCKING DECADE, NOT THAT I ENJOY BEING BY MYSELF FOR THIS LONG, FUCK ME, I’M BEING SILENCED, SUBJUGATED AND RESTRAINED, BOUND TO ACT BECAUSE MY FRIENDS TOLD ME TO, I HAVE MY DUDES AND SHIT AROUND ME BUT I NEED TO HAVE MY FAÇADE WAY UP THERE TO NOT FUCK MYSELF UP AND HAVE THEM NOT FUCKING ABANDON ME HAAAAAHHHH SHIT DOESN’T IT HURT TO GET FUCKING STARED AT EVERY GODDAMN TIME YOU ASK A QUESTION BECAUSE HOLY SHIT IT SUCKS I’M WHINING LIKE A FUCKING KID HERE, I KNOW, BUT WHO CARES BECAUSE I DON’T EXPECT ANYTHING FROM THIS SHIT, ALWAYS QUESTIONING MY ASS WHY IT’S ALWAYS BEEN LIKE THIS, THE NUMBNESS HAS GROWN WITH ME FOR SO LONG, HAPPENED TOO MUCH FOR ME THAT I ADAPTED TO IGNORE ALL THEIR BULLSHIT, NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRY TO DIVERT MYSELF FROM SADNESS, THE FURTHER I GO, THE FAKER IT BECOMES, SUGAR-COOATING ALL THAT SHIT WITH SPRINKLES OF HAPPINESS WILL ABSOLUTELY NOT SUPPRESS IT, BECAUSE I KNOW WHY I’M DOING IT AFTER ALL THAT TIME, ALL-CAPS BECAUSE I CAN, SHOW EMOTION FOR AT LEAST ONCE AND TO LAY DOWN THE STUBBORN, BLOCKHEADED BITCH-ASS PERSONA I’M ALWAYS SHOWING, IT’S ALL MY FAULT, ALWAYS NOBODY ELSE’S BUT MINE, NOT BLAMING ANYBODY, FRIENDS, FAMILY, ACQUAINTANCES, SIGNIFICANT SOMETHINGS, FUCK IT ALL, I WISH IT ALL GONE, ALL MY EFFORTS TO LASH IT INTO THE FIRE, ALL ENDED IN VAIN, IT ONLY SPREAD FURTHER, MY CROWN OF SHIT, TEARS DOUSING OUT THE FLAMES, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUUUUUCCCKKKKKKK, IT’S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE THIS, I’M NOT ALLOWED TO GET ANGRY, BE MAD, SHOW ANGER, FUCK, BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY TAINT AND STAIN ALL MY RELATIONSHIPS, RISKING IT ALL, WITH THE IMPENDING CAVEAT THAT I WILL NOT WIN THEM ALL BACK, FUCK, CAN’T FIND NEW FRIENDS, THESE PEOPLE OUT TO TAKE MY SANITY AWAY FROM ME, THEY’RE COMING TO GET ME, EXPLOIT, FEED, LIE, DECEIVE, COVET, STEAL, ALL VICES, FUCKING EVERYTHING, IT’S ILL-NATURED TO ASSUME SHIT JUST BECAUSE, BUT HOLY FUCK IT HAS HAPPENED TOO MUCH TO NOT ASSUME, I WANT TO CRY, NO MORE OF THIS SHIT PLEASE, LET ME DIE ALONE IN PEACE, I WANT TO END IT ALL, FREE ME FROM THIS ENDURANCE TEST SHACKLES MY MAKER HAS BEEN SHITTING ON ME, AS STUPID AS IT SOUNDS, IT’S VERY UNREALISTIC OF ME TO EXPECT FOR EVERYTHING TO GO AS I THINK IT SHOULD, BUT SHIT HAPPENS, I’M WORKING MY ASS OFF TO FIND MY SANCTUARY, WHERE I CAN STAY WITHOUT WORRYING ABOUT THE PANGS OF ANGUISH THIS WORLD HAS GIVEN ME, I WANT TO END IT ALL, DIE IN THE MOST HORRIBLE WAY, THE SLOWEST FUCKING WAY, TO EVEN OUT THE PAIN AND SHIT, LAUGH, LAUGH, LAUGH, RIDICULE, SCORN, MOCK, DERIDE, DEFILE, FUCK, HURT, SUFFER, DEPRIVE, WRING, SUCK, DESTROY, CONTAIN, SILENCE, SUPPRESS, SUBDUE, RESTRAIN, CONFINE, SHIT!  

You know what happens when I speak out on something (which I should not be expected to do.) It means I’m fishing for attention, and not trying to look for help, yeah, that’s all there is to it. Screw me for trying to seek help. I used to try to talk with my acquaintances on about this shit, but they always took it as a sick joke, never taking me seriously. Younger me has instilled the idea that if I endure something horrid for so long, maybe, just maybe, it will naturally go away. No, it hasn’t. I’m just selfish. WHAT THE FUCK.  

Cats saved me from being in the dumps on the other day. When in doubt, look at cats. Nothing compares to the sense of sudden relief from looking at cats. Makes me wonder, I’m so damn weak at facing my own hardships that I’m pussy enough to opt instead to stare at kittens. My imaginary feline friends are kind enough to pull out all the knives lodged onto my skin. It’s dumb thinking about that I have to resort to this in order to get my shit together, but given the time and all those blades that were thrown at me, it may be a good idea to indulge in a little bit of those, you know, “things”, after all.  

Many have come forth to point wayward fingers towards our fearless men of tomorrow, our troops’ outstanding display of derring-do has outshined all “atrocities” that my squadron has supposedly did or yet to attempt. Alleged, and completely baseless allegations such as these tarnish the reputation of our empire, that which the sun rises from the far east. Not once, but several, ten thousand blows of accusations have been thrown at the people of the sun, all because that they clearly lost. Your men are inferior compared to ours, wise, intelligent and certainly more capable than yours, worthless lackeys, serfs, slackers, mere earth bathing heathen scum. Our experiments amassed great contributions to the world of science, while your influence spans centuries ad eons of snake oil refineries’ worth of useless knowledge. We certainly did not enforce those mass biological experiments against your people, they volunteered to donate their bodies to us at their own will, they signed a document, as real as the impurities imposed by the people of the great middle-kingdom.  

Really though, they never bothered me even if they popped up right in front of me, like, goddamn now. It has occurred so many times that I’m not even surprised anymore. In fact, I admit that I’m a little thunderstruck, spooked, whenever I meet and shake hands with them. All of them, oddly resemble all my family members, friends, acquaintances, loved ones, etc., but that I’m fairly certain that I can see through their bodies, as they always gave a faint, ghoulish feel if I’m with those mind-wraiths partying in the same room. There is something that I’ve observed that is too much to be dismissed as a mere coincidence: that they always appear every time I want to do the deed, or in a state of near-astral projecting moment. Whatever, they always show up when I’m about to die, dead, D-E-A-D, fucking dead, Jesus Christ, I have to say as is to get to the point, but yeah, apparitions in near-death experiences. Happens to everyone, not just me, but also you, and all the sons of bitches dangling so dangerously from your family tree’s withered branches, and all the subjects on your circle of mutual relations.  

Atheism. Belief in that no deity exists. Must be one of those inherently human things, right? As innate as religion, hatred and impertinence towards it also exist, like those that revere their gods? I don’t know. I mean, atheism wouldn’t exist if there wasn’t a religion or God, because there would be nothing for atheists to shit on in the first place. Therefore, a higher power exists, because stupid earthlings like us worship a deity first, then these fuckers fling flying crap second. Must be one of those, devious, cunning skullduggeries employed by those of higher power, isn’t it? I’m sure gods don’t want to be seen as sly con men emanating malice to their fans at the church bleachers, you know, rows of pews arranged in a stair-like fashion.  

I twist my forceps very hard as I make a coil of pink flesh on her exposed, disemboweled small intestines. The edges from where I made the initial incision has stopped bleeding, and marks of dried blood laced with psilocybin and loose platelets give my prescription goggles a sanguine hue, and a weird, metallic, organic stench mixed with a slight hint of rot.  

Being a kid has its perks. I remember myself watching this stupid kid and magic dog show in the evening, being all entranced and genuinely hooked and shit. Fun times. Pointy-eared white hat wearing headstrong adventurer accompanied by his magical yellow dog who can stretch to whatever shape he wills, and he can talk.  

I have done something so bad and vile that mentioning it here will only heed the call of all the seven deadly sins known to corrupt man. So deprived and stupid that I may be better off keeping it as a secret forever. If one were to pry open this tiny jasper tinderbox, which I sealed tight with quick-drying amber, will spawn those of the lowest of the low, thousand deeps more abyssal than the depths of hell, so sardonic that only a fool with air in place of their thinking-cap would only do such thing, a conglomeration of the most wicked of vices.  

You’re fucking sick. No sane person would do what you did. How does it feel that you’ve done it now, huh? Fucking pathetic. Did you let your temptations shove their dicks up in your ass?  

I found my happy place. It’s comfy, leisurely, and free from mild annoyances, my pet peeves. There are no complicated rules to follow, only stupidly lax ones. I only have one tiny complaint: once I go in here, there’s no going back. Makes sense, the moment I go there I’ll never be sad again. Can you guess what it is? Here’s a hint: it’s easier to book a ticket to this sanctuary given the right materials to pull this off. Pull what? The trigger?  

For the rarest thing that I ever witnessed in my life, it’s got to be that I caught someone rating something 2 out of 5 stars. What the fuck kind of moron thinks it’s a good idea to not settle with absolutes? 1 means their service is shit, run by clueless dolts, and 5 means it’s an excellent service. But 2? Fuck, that’s another level of stupid.  

Some guy on reddit thinks having “deep meaning” is juggling ideas around in a way that somehow makes sense to them. Making them realize something hidden from the very beginning near the end of a statement. It could definitely not be at that format, but that’s how most of them see it from what I observe. I am also stupid and incapable of ignoring subtle shit like this, as an average layman would do.  

What did Peter Pan trade his soul for his flying abilities?  

Sometimes, when I’m feeling like I’m lacking something major, is that I need a little bit of socializing, that’s all. I’m so used to being alone all the time that it’s the last thing that pops up in my mind. What I usually do to suppress it is that I’m reading random stuff on Reddit or Wikipedia, or playing games that I think will entrance me for the next few hours. It sucks that I don’t make an effort to go out of my comfort zone.  

Brain’s going real numb right now, everything’s a clusterfuck, deadlines, shit to do, all of them fucking whizzing everywhere, touting like a bitch reminding me that they are of immediate concern and need to be done as soon as possible. Meanwhile, the more shit gets thrown at me, the less I give a shit.  

The easiest way to expand your vocabulary is to read a lot, every day. To get yourself hooked, pick on topics that you have an interest or seem to have a connection with. Thanks, Captain Obvious. I now have the capability to understand basic English as I formerly did not possess such innate ability.  

I like reading random stuff on Wikipedia. It makes me read on things I never knew, and some shit about them that I found unexpectedly fascinating. The technical ones, though, they are ridiculously hard reads. Take a look at a random math-related article in the site, see if you can decipher what an equation, formula, whatever-the-fuck in there is trying to convey. The magic symbols there, man they must mean something. Nerd runes inscribed in my screen displaying some kind of distributed balance on both sides of the equal sign. Must be one of those geek shit that shows the insurmountable number of small fractions that you can add up for the real integer 1. Back to Wikipedia, people’s biographies are an easier read, mainly because they most likely use words more familiar from a layman’s perspective, the ones that you can find in novels, that kind of thing. There’s the occasional hard, technical jargon outlier sparsely spread here and there, but it does not happen enough to pose a major reading handicap problem. Also, curse all those cretins who still think that Wikipedia is an unreliable source of information. These are the same dolts that rely on fucking Facebook and YouTube for their daily sources to feed their think tanks.  

Swinging. Swing, swing, oh, how a mood swings so swiftly. Oftentimes dull and lethargic, on the flip side, jubilant. Count all the stars for me, will you? Tell me, how many you see? The ones that sparkle and flicker? How about the very distant ones that only emit the tiniest specks of light? I pray happiness for you, my liege. No vice nor evil shall shatter the bonds the greatest one has provided you.  

I remain seated in the middle of my room where all the important transactions happen. Apart from me and my chair, a foldable table with a wooden top supported by metal legs coated by some type of cheap paint. It has two legs to compensate that it is a foldable table for compact storage. Atop what lays on the table is my laptop and mouse resting on a mouse pad. My laptop’s coated with a corrugated, matte finish. It’s the one I use for school things, and for writing code and entertainment. If anything, it’s good enough that it gets all average jobs done, but I got to admit, oftentimes, the processor throws occasional hissy fits and makes the FPS rate go to utter crap, very noticeable when I’m running something that I guess is computationally expensive, like 3D rendering in games and shit. For the keyboard, the escape key is blasted and I don’t know how to fix it. Sure, I can take my shit box and have it repaired by someone capable, but there’s no way in hell that I’m just going to give them my device with the possibility of them peeking and peering shit through my files. No, I’m not hiding despicable in there, don’t lump me in with those fuckwits. I use a Razer mouse for pointing and clicking things on the screen. It glows green, because I can’t find a setting that allows me to switch it to any other color. Not like I dislike the color green, though, I like the color green, reminds me of a particular house from who knows where (tee-hee, fuck off with that reference, smarmy arsehole). Under it is a dilapidated mouse pad of unknown, obscure origin. I really don’t remember where I got it from, there’s no indication of the manufacturer’s name on either face, but I know that it has endured this long enough for me to be still using it to this day. The laptop screen is close enough that my face shines bright white, even in broad daylight. For context, I have three, big-ass windows behind me that I let air in and for me to bask on natural sunlight, so there’s that. Outside my isle, my table where negotiations take place, is a clothes rack. For almost an entire week, there’s always a row of (somewhat) wet clothes waiting to be rid of humidity that it’s still a surprise for me to see if there’s nothing in the rack. Below that is a bunch of knapsacks and backpacks, one of which is what I used to carry shit with to school. The others are from my sister’s, the rest I don’t know. Better leave things that aren’t yours to avoid unwanted escalation, eh? You know what it’s like living with these fuckers all day. I’m not to blame if something happens with their crap because I never touch them! Never, never in my life I will, unless they force me to. Behind the rack is a cabinet full of more clothes, and trinkets, tchotchkes, and dusty thingamajigs from the distant past, where dinosaurs thrived and roamed and feasted and shut the fuck up that never happened. Inside the cabinets, is that, yeah, more clothes and forgotten miscellany. Clothes stored so long in that cellar that I’m not even sure if they still fit on me anymore, maybe I outgrew them, or that it shrunk because of fucking termites eating them when no one’s looking. The random crap stashed along with the clothes are as random as ordered primeval chaos. It has used Legos, old manicure kits, old coins, a sewing kit full of rusty needles and empty spools, photo albums so old that it shows hints of urban decay, tainted with bug shit and dust, a bunch of art materials, sheets of colored paper cut into random shapes, used crayons and the sort, used timepieces, clocks, watches, chronometers, dead thermometers, lucky charms, talismans, obscure books no one in my family has read thoroughly, and the list goes on. Going outside that cabinet bit, in front of me is a white door that serves as protection from would-be intruders of the outside world, my parents. Now, here’s the important part, my laptop has to always face away from the door and any kind of opening that allows open access to the room. Maybe, just maybe, they can unexpectedly take a sneak peek on what the fuck am I doing here and report the ingenious discovery to everyone in the house. Now, the door has a hanging decoration in front of it emblazoned with bells. It always makes contact with my head every time I pass through the door, so I’m used to the tinkling sounds it makes. Don’t worry, no pangs yet. Swiveling and panning the camera the right side of the room, is where a small pink table, a bed, a drawer full of clothes, and the A/C rests. The small pink table houses a bunch of miscellaneous stuff, nail cutters, a small calendar, incense sticks and cans (what?), used transfer cables, hand sanitizer bottles, shiny doubloons, and rubbish. I don’t usually tinker with these, so I usually leave them there, untouched like a virgin shrine. Beneath all that junk, is an extension socket, because the wall sockets are too far from the best coordinate in the dungeon, and so I use them to make ends with farthest corners of the realm. On its right side is an electric fan, inside’s dusty, in dire need of cleaning. Above it is a hanging rectangular mirror, a ukulele (not mine), and a window latticed with jalousie. Not the right word for describing it, but eh, you get the point. So, towards the bed. Unlike what you’d expect, the bed is just a mattress laid directly on the floor. What? Yes, you heard that right, the felt is in fucking contact with floor, closer with all the bedbugs thriving all over the world. There used to be a metal frame supporting and keeping it from touching the lava, but it got rusty and all bendy-bendy so my parents sold it for scrap and there you go, bed on the floor. It’s got bedsheets on, so the mattress makes no contact with my skin. No scabies. It’s also big enough that it can fit three people in, because it is laid longer on the horizontal edges. Ther are six pillows, divided into three, with two for each column, neatly color coded to prevent confusion on who-sleeps-where. On my side exists extra pillows for ancillary use. Whenever I sleep, my feet and legs hang from the edge of the mattress, causing serious discomfort and uncontrollable insomnia sessions. I use the extra pillows to support my feet up and levelled the same as my laying body. On the far side of the room is the drawers, where I put my clothes and shit in. I sleep near the drawers, so I can have a wall to lean myself into and to stuff myself with pillows while I’m sleeping so nobody can discern… whatever. Above the drawers are another assortment of mingled garbage, my guitar, my school stuff, wires, books, and crap. Inside the drawers I store rags, money, precious artifacts I nicked from the British Museum, and gifts people gave me, I mean gift, because there’s only one of its kind in there. I like it, by the way, and thanks. If anything, they’re the only one who gave me something physical and tangible, so, double thanks. Now, you don’t have to take whatever I say at absolute face value, give yourself a little pat to the back and take everything with a grain of salt. The walls of the room are in decaying pale yellow, more noticeable in the corners where gunky shit builds up. The draperies behind me are of crimson red, so the whole bright window thing from the beginning was a blatant lie, and I apologize. There are curtains behind me to shield myself from ultraviolet cancer.  

Under the guise of a deaconess holding what looks to be some sort of firearm, I was able to hide myself from public eyes for the last two years. Contrary to what I look from the outside, it does look that I really stand out from the throngs, given that I possess a loaded weapon of considerable caliber. Right now, I posted two sets of pictures regarding on what I was doing on that time. First was a random picture of a black feline friend I made while I was killing hours for an office internship. Second was a gallery of verdant sceneries and a few lakes where I dare not to speak about. Overall, my trench coat has kept me under the hood, unnoticed, and away from enemy eyes. Anonymity is precious, do all means to preserve it. It’s one thing celebrities are jealous of that the common folk have.  

More things to have, more things to hide. Nothing’s ever really safe anymore. People will shit on you for owning something like that.  

To be real with you, I’ll let it stay there and enjoy it while it lasts. From there, at least it felt like no ounce of happiness was wasted, even though that I know it’s not real all along. I’ll see how much longer I can ride on this complete trainwreck of an experience. Part of me is to blame here, I lured myself to be willingly cornered, another victim to be deceived. I’m a fool, easily swayed in by cheap tricks. This serves as a warning to those in search of a better… half? Give yourself a moment to think about the call.  

I had myself surrounded by people talking about things the least I expected from them. I tried the same a few years ago with the same set of people and all I got back were fucking stares. That’s a stupid double standard. I’ve committed myself to not engage in anything they do, unless I’m forced to comply. I’ll be the asshole if I only keep ignoring them. You know, I’m not really interested in what the fuck they’re talking about, that kind of late realization. Later, I plan to go on a public space alone; to relieve and rid myself of the bullshit this world has given me. Fuck off, I can see you reading this shit.  

Guy thinks I can’t write and needs to rely on shady-ass third party artificial intelligence service. Fuckwad also thinks I’m antisocial because I practically don’t post anything on any of my accounts, they probably think that’s a major red flag to not have anything posted on their social media accounts, treating them with unending sneer and scorn just because they’re not following what they perceive as normal.  

Your typing sucks if you’re using a phone. Jesus fucking Christ you’re relying on shitty autocorrect to type faster while sacrificing neat capitalization.  

I’m hesitant because of the fear of getting ignored again, that’s why most of the time, I’m not the one to start a new conversation. It has happened too many times to be a bunch of unrelated coincidences, and as stupid as this may sound, it’s getting all over my head thinking that this is a massive, clandestine collaboration of people specifically gathered to fuck me up emotionally. Even talking to this with my friends seems futile because there’s a fat chance that they won’t take my shit seriously. I’m better off sealing all of this away and have the hands of time decide where should I go next. But man, I certainly don’t want to be in this position, feels like everything I say is invalidated immediately. I’m at a catch-22 here, juxtaposed between two choices, if I don’t say at least a nick of what I think is happening to me, I suffer, and if I share this shit with the people I know, they’ll think I’m looking for attention and that I’m a complete loser looking for validation. Come the fuck on now, I don’t know where to fucking go, all’s a dead end. I’m fucking writing this in the middle of the school library, with people around me minding their own business. My worries are none of their concern and are purely mine. I’m an asshole if I try to project even an inkling of these statements, I tried chatting, starting up a random conversation with some of my friends a couple of hours ago, but none of them replied, but some left me on read. Hehe. Fuck this. On the other side though, it may be because I’m overreacting a little bit. People have their own schedules and stuff to do, and me asking for replies is not something to be of high importance. That’s just immature and petty. I’m not entitled to be of immediate attention, that’s something a narcissist would fantasize and masturbate about. I’m walking through the hallway, school computer laboratory building, while think of what to spew next.  

So refreshing and stupid, I found solace right here in my room. Couldn’t have been anywhere else but here.  

You know you’ve made it when pseudo-intellectuals use your quotes to justify their own bullshit.  

The spic and span border were unveiled yesterday on live television. It was gilded and was built by the people of the sun. I’m sorry for typing this, I just realized that I’ve committed a war crime by writing something cheesy and being a bigot. I’m not sure about the last part, like, where? Oh, the adjective you used to describe the border. Wait, that’s a legitimate English phrase, with no negative connotations, right? Or so my ignorant ass thought. Don’t tell me that “people of the sun” is too.  

Clop-clop, I want to deskin my head with a fucking lathe, in slowest way possible, with the bag ends of dead crust and all that.  

No, I don’t feel any better right now. That stupid dissertation bullshit drained nearly all the life force out of me. I admit that I’ve gotten a bit fatter, than what, like five months ago? That’s what depression does to you. Yes, it wouldn’t have come to this point if I was only more disciplined and responsible for my actions, but combine that with uninterested group members, unfavorable conditions, and a complete lack of planning on how to do this crap, it really does take a toll on you. Not something you would really undermine; underestimate its negative effects it will shit on you. Please don’t follow my tracks. I led my soul to my own demise and I’m not willing lead another innocent soul to rot and die.  

Remember the times where you can do whatever you want, without the hunch, or fear of, unknown consequences? Because I do, and I just knew that the older I get, the more I realize that my ignorance from being younger may have paved me a better path than the shitty cobblestone horse tracks I have today. Please ignore these previous statements, as for I also do not know who wrote nor thought of this and it just popped up in here without my consent.  

Help me confining this exorbitant showstopper. Whenever the pink, curly and bumpy organ of thought deviates to something that induces saccharine, jovial ideas, never without fail, that the showstopper always succeeds in hampering the progress in which the frown becomes upside-down.  

Crap all over the floor, not interested in tidying it up because there’s no net merit, nor benefit, that which fits, it’s giving me the shits.  

“I’ll be with you, even if you can’t see me”, said a particular figurehead who also happens to trespass random people’s hearts because they believe in Him.  

The thick and woolly sweater shields me from the sheer antipodean cold. I hold up my mittened hands in a weird manner, like a zombie, except colder. Nah.  

Remember the time where Littlefoot was seen engaging in a rendezvous with a ghost that had a stance on agreeing things by uttering the same communicating catalyst four times? Rumors told the press that the voice comes from a phantom whose death involved fatal bullet holes. Did I mention that mysterious wraith was a big-mouth? No, enough of this insensitive crap.  

Come and see the beads sparkle in the midnight sky. Notice how serene it is, save for the occasional random, bug scuffles underneath the grass. Just faint dots twinkling contrasted by a huge expanse of endless void.  

Frolicking in the grass fields painted over by the soft breeze blowing northwards, not a single care in the world. Confining oneself to a dingy basement to look and breathe at computer screens, also not a single care in the world. No, a word was not used in a wrong context here, you’re thinking of a dinghy, a type of a small boat, used for, probably recreational purposes that involve carrying physical load above and across a body of liquid, mostly water.  

I’m typing random shit now because I’m out of ideas. I’m tired, in constant need of sleep, but can’t fucking sleep. Please help me.  

I have a hard time trying to incorporate myself into new things. I know it and it’s somewhat ingrained in me: that if I see something novel the first thing that comes to my mind is to relate something that I know very well from years ago; like there has to be a stupid deciding nostalgia factor for something to be likeable and worth investing countless hours on. Another possibility is, you know what, I’m just gonna say the word, because nobody cares. I’m retarded. Yes, like an undiagnosed mental disability that I don’t know because I can’t pinpoint exactly where it draws a considerable, distinct border or line, I don’t know. I tend to notice myself playing stupid shit that involves repetition, collecting, and colors. For example, that shoot-em-up game with zombies, where one of the achievements need me to shoot around 50,000 of them (repetitive task), and this stupid “balloons and monkeys” game, where you play a map and defend it to hell and back from endless onslaughts of balloons and blimps (something vibrant and colorful, eye candy). Other things may include my tendency to play Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) games, over the newer and graphically superior releases of, I don’t know, today’s era. I do have some interest in it, sure, but the NES catalogue piques my interest because of how many titles there are for that console, how small the games are relative to size (we’re talking kilobytes), and that I can cram them in a very small storage space and have them all listed like that in the open. I’m like “holy shit, look at how many games there are!”, because I’m amazed on how much crap I have amassed. That was the “collecting” thing that I like to do. Maybe because I’m just stupid, but one thing’s for sure though, I know that all three of these are things that are commonly associated with weird people, so I try my best as much as I fucking can to hide and shield it from public eye wherever possible to avoid unwanted attention, backlash, bullying, whatever. The three examples I gave earlier are just one of those things I like to do, so more than just those three, more doodads and shit to do to seem like a normal person for all eyes to see. Currently though, I feel like I’m doing a piss-poor job of blending in the real world. Maybe if I played more trendy fucking horror games and watched more K-dramas and shit, would I finally become a normal human being? Would I finally fit in some bullshit criteria or socially acceptable standards, after all this time? Time ticks as fast as the hands on the clock, and as fast as my fingers grasp to make a move on my Glock. I can’t even think straight when writing this drawn-out shit.  

Sowing the seeds of shit, fucking everything putting their hands against me, masturbating themselves to eventual self-satisfaction, twats seeking temporary adrenaline rushes for ephemeral moments of elation, you all damn suck, people taking advantage of other people is not a good pedestal to support yourself on, your heartstrings got you by the neck, put yourself out of your fucking misery, not supporting dick heads whose main motive is to deceive and manipulate their kin. Let all that fucking shit out, let it out, nothing’s stopping you, fuck the barricades preventing you to speak up, wake the fuck up from your dreamless slumber, be cognizant of all the treacherous bullshit that has been thrown at you, scream it all out to hell and fucking back, not a single care in the world, bullets speeding through the air hoping to see stars with your head, no, it don’t care no target to hit, fuck that, just let the fucking monster in your head out, unleash hell, don’t be afraid to spit scorching hellfire against the earth that has treated you like shit after all these years, be mad at the fucking world because you’re obliged to, don’t hide your anger behind that thin veil of yours, wake the fuck up and have those motherfuckers get the taste of their own medicine, I don’t care if it involves guns, killing and shit, you all bitches have scarred and done enough irreversible psychological fucking damage that I’ve become too mentally unstable to recover, so shut the fuck up and have this barrel stuck up, point-blank at the roof of your fucking mouth, no one cares if your brain matter splatters against the wall of shame you’ve built, your hypocrisy and insensitivity regarding our situation is a complete disgrace, I’m more happy that you’re fucking dead and rotting than living to breathe another life, ready to fuck with another innocent dude’s life. You built a podium founded on your own sins and lies, polished by honeyed words, meant to deceive innocent people from your lip services. I relate more to the rotting walls of my cell, confined to do time until I die, my sentence will outlive my life, my hair will become white first than my prison bars rust red, I’m destined to expire here alone. I etch the walls of my cell with a dull, pointed rock, where I count all the days of my duty by five, and I think, currently I have a couple thousand of tallies I can visibly see. Saliva comes out dry from my mouth, and blood is indeed thicker than water. All the people I see around me don bats and arms, where even a person wearing civilian garments are not a usual sight. I can’t see to find meanings between my tally marks, only dying white paint. The flakes seem to pile up on the floor, and are carried by the occasional wind, coming from the top of my cell. That tiny window up there is my only source of light; it’s pitch-black fucking dark when nighttime falls. I’m the jester in front of my audience, and I’m my own audience, and I laugh from my own jokes, where I occasionally choke and gag from inhaling shit dust floating in the air. Deranged and unhinged as I am, nothing stops me on trying to find my next bus stop to my next dominion, because it is in hell where she waits for me.  
</div>

# ???
???
